{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033
{\fonttbl {\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f3\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05050102010706020507}Symbol;}
}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}
{\stylesheet
{\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \snext0 Normal;}
{\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect}
{\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}
{\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 2;}
{\s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 3;}
{\s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 4;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 5;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}
{\s15\qc\sb240\sa60\widctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f1\fs32\kerning28\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext15 Title;}
{\s16\qc\sa60\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \f1\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext16 Subtitle;}
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext17 BodyText;}
{\s18\widctlpar\fs22\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext18 DenseText;}
{\s28\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext28 header;}
{\s29\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\qr\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext29 footer;}
{\s30\li360\sa60\sb120\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext30 GroupHeader;}
{\s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext41 Code Example 0;}
{\s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext42 Code Example 1;}
{\s42\li720\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext43 Code Example 2;}
{\s43\li1080\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext44 Code Example 3;}
{\s44\li1440\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext45 Code Example 4;}
{\s45\li1800\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext46 Code Example 5;}
{\s46\li2160\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext47 Code Example 6;}
{\s47\li2520\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext48 Code Example 7;}
{\s48\li2880\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext49 Code Example 8;}
{\s49\li3240\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext49 Code Example 9;}
{\s50\li0\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext51 List Continue 0;}
{\s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext52 List Continue 1;}
{\s52\li720\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext53 List Continue 2;}
{\s53\li1080\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext54 List Continue 3;}
{\s54\li1440\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext55 List Continue 4;}
{\s55\li1800\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext56 List Continue 5;}
{\s56\li2160\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext57 List Continue 6;}
{\s57\li2520\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext58 List Continue 7;}
{\s58\li2880\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext59 List Continue 8;}
{\s59\li3240\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext59 List Continue 9;}
{\s60\li0\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext61 DescContinue 0;}
{\s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext62 DescContinue 1;}
{\s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext63 DescContinue 2;}
{\s63\li1080\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext64 DescContinue 3;}
{\s64\li1440\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext65 DescContinue 4;}
{\s65\li1800\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext66 DescContinue 5;}
{\s66\li2160\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext67 DescContinue 6;}
{\s67\li2520\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext68 DescContinue 7;}
{\s68\li2880\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext69 DescContinue 8;}
{\s69\li3240\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext69 DescContinue 9;}
{\s70\li0\sa30\sb30\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext81 LatexTOC 0;}
{\s71\li360\sa27\sb27\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext82 LatexTOC 1;}
{\s72\li720\sa24\sb24\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext83 LatexTOC 2;}
{\s73\li1080\sa21\sb21\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext84 LatexTOC 3;}
{\s74\li1440\sa18\sb18\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext85 LatexTOC 4;}
{\s75\li1800\sa15\sb15\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext86 LatexTOC 5;}
{\s76\li2160\sa12\sb12\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext87 LatexTOC 6;}
{\s77\li2520\sa9\sb9\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext88 LatexTOC 7;}
{\s78\li2880\sa6\sb6\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext89 LatexTOC 8;}
{\s79\li3240\sa3\sb3\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext89 LatexTOC 9;}
{\s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext81 \sautoupd List Bullet 0;}
{\s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext82 \sautoupd List Bullet 1;}
{\s82\fi-360\li1080\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx1080{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls3\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls3\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext83 \sautoupd List Bullet 2;}
{\s83\fi-360\li1440\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx1440{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls4\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls4\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext84 \sautoupd List Bullet 3;}
{\s84\fi-360\li1800\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx1800{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls5\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls5\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext85 \sautoupd List Bullet 4;}
{\s85\fi-360\li2160\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx2160{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls6\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls6\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext86 \sautoupd List Bullet 5;}
{\s86\fi-360\li2520\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx2520{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls7\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls7\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext87 \sautoupd List Bullet 6;}
{\s87\fi-360\li2880\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx2880{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls8\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls8\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext88 \sautoupd List Bullet 7;}
{\s88\fi-360\li3240\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx3240{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls9\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls9\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext89 \sautoupd List Bullet 8;}
{\s89\fi-360\li3600\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx3600{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls10\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls10\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext89 \sautoupd List Bullet 9;}
{\s90\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext91 \sautoupd List Enum 0;}
{\s91\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext92 \sautoupd List Enum 1;}
{\s92\fi-360\li1080\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext93 \sautoupd List Enum 2;}
{\s93\fi-360\li1440\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext94 \sautoupd List Enum 3;}
{\s94\fi-360\li1800\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext95 \sautoupd List Enum 4;}
{\s95\fi-360\li2160\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext96 \sautoupd List Enum 5;}
{\s96\fi-360\li2520\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext96 \sautoupd List Enum 5;}
{\s97\fi-360\li2880\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext98 \sautoupd List Enum 7;}
{\s98\fi-360\li3240\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext99 \sautoupd List Enum 8;}
{\s99\fi-360\li3600\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext99 \sautoupd List Enum 9;}
}
{\info 
{\title {\comment Transformation  {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
0.1 \par
}}Transformation}
{\comment Generated byDoxgyen. }
{\creatim \yr2019\mo1\dy25\hr14\min19\sec33}
}\pard\plain 
\sectd\pgnlcrm
{\footer \s29\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\qr\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\chpgn}}
\pard\plain \s16\qc\sa60\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \f1\cgrid 
\vertalc\qc\par\par\par\par\par\par\par
\pard\plain \s15\qc\sb240\sa60\widctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f1\fs32\kerning28\cgrid 
{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst TITLE \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt Transformation}}\par
\pard\plain \s16\qc\sa60\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \f1\cgrid 
\par
\par\par\par\par\par\par\par\par\par\par\par\par
\pard\plain \s16\qc\sa60\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \f1\cgrid 
{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst AUTHOR \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt AUTHOR}}\par
Version 0.1\par{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst CREATEDATE \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt Fri Jan 25 2019 }}\par
\page\page\vertalt
\pard\plain 
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid Table of Contents\par
\pard\plain \par
{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst TOC \\f \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt Table of contents}}\par
\pard\plain 
\sect \sbkpage \pgndec \pgnrestart
\sect \sectd \sbknone
{\footer \s29\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\qr\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\chpgn}}

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
Coordinate Transformation\par \pard\plain 
{\tc \v Coordinate Transformation}
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Note:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid For educational purposes only \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Copyright:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid No licence restrictions yet \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Version:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 0.1  \par
}}}

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
Contributor Covenant Code of Conduct{\tc \v Contributor Covenant Code of Conduct}\par \pard\plain 
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAATL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAATL}
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl4 Our Pledge} \par}
In the interest of fostering an open and welcoming environment, we as contributors and maintainers pledge to making participation in our project and our community a harassment-free experience for everyone, regardless of age, body size, disability, ethnicity, gender identity and expression, level of experience, nationality, personal appearance, race, religion, or sexual identity and orientation.\par
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl4 Our Standards} \par}
Examples of behavior that contributes to creating a positive environment include:\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Using welcoming and inclusive language\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Being respectful of differing viewpoints and experiences\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Gracefully accepting constructive criticism\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Focusing on what is best for the community\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Showing empathy towards other community members\par}
Examples of unacceptable behavior by participants include:\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
The use of sexualized language or imagery and unwelcome sexual attention or advances\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Trolling, insulting/derogatory comments, and personal or political attacks\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Public or private harassment\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Publishing others' private information, such as a physical or electronic address, without explicit permission\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Other conduct which could reasonably be considered inappropriate in a professional setting\par}
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl4 Our Responsibilities} \par}
Project maintainers are responsible for clarifying the standards of acceptable behavior and are expected to take appropriate and fair corrective action in response to any instances of unacceptable behavior.\par
Project maintainers have the right and responsibility to remove, edit, or reject comments, commits, code, wiki edits, issues, and other contributions that are not aligned to this Code of Conduct, or to ban temporarily or permanently any contributor for other behaviors that they deem inappropriate, threatening, offensive, or harmful.\par
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl4 Scope} \par}
This Code of Conduct applies both within project spaces and in public spaces when an individual is representing the project or its community. Examples of representing a project or community include using an official project e-mail address, posting via an official social media account, or acting as an appointed representative at an online or offline event. Representation of a project may be further defined and clarified by project maintainers.\par
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl4 Enforcement} \par}
Instances of abusive, harassing, or otherwise unacceptable behavior may be reported by contacting the project team at {\f2 Norbert.Roesch@kit.edu}. The project team will review and investigate all complaints, and will respond in a way that it deems appropriate to the circumstances. The project team is obligated to maintain confidentiality with regard to the reporter of an incident. Further details of specific enforcement policies may be posted separately.\par
Project maintainers who do not follow or enforce the Code of Conduct in good faith may face temporary or permanent repercussions as determined by other members of the project's leadership.\par
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl4 Attribution} \par}
This Code of Conduct is adapted from the {\f2 Contributor Covenant}, version 1.4, available at {\f2 http://contributor-covenant.org/version/1/4} \par
}}

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
LICENSE{\tc \v LICENSE}\par \pard\plain 
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAATM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAATM}
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE Version 3, 29 June 2007\par
Copyright (C) 2007 Free Software Foundation, Inc. {\f2 http://fsf.org/} Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies of this license document, but changing it is not allowed. {
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid                        Preamble\par
}
\par
The GNU General Public License is a free, copyleft license for software and other kinds of works.\par
The licenses for most software and other practical works are designed to take away your freedom to share and change the works. By contrast, the GNU General Public License is intended to guarantee your freedom to share and change all versions of a program\'96to make sure it remains free software for all its users. We, the Free Software Foundation, use the GNU General Public License for most of our software; it applies also to any other work released this way by its authors. You can apply it to your programs, too.\par
When we speak of free software, we are referring to freedom, not price. Our General Public Licenses are designed to make sure that you have the freedom to distribute copies of free software (and charge for them if you wish), that you receive source code or can get it if you want it, that you can change the software or use pieces of it in new free programs, and that you know you can do these things.\par
To protect your rights, we need to prevent others from denying you these rights or asking you to surrender the rights. Therefore, you have certain responsibilities if you distribute copies of the software, or if you modify it: responsibilities to respect the freedom of others.\par
For example, if you distribute copies of such a program, whether gratis or for a fee, you must pass on to the recipients the same freedoms that you received. You must make sure that they, too, receive or can get the source code. And you must show them these terms so they know their rights.\par
Developers that use the GNU GPL protect your rights with two steps: (1) assert copyright on the software, and (2) offer you this License giving you legal permission to copy, distribute and/or modify it.\par
For the developers' and authors' protection, the GPL clearly explains that there is no warranty for this free software. For both users' and authors' sake, the GPL requires that modified versions be marked as changed, so that their problems will not be attributed erroneously to authors of previous versions.\par
Some devices are designed to deny users access to install or run modified versions of the software inside them, although the manufacturer can do so. This is fundamentally incompatible with the aim of protecting users' freedom to change the software. The systematic pattern of such abuse occurs in the area of products for individuals to use, which is precisely where it is most unacceptable. Therefore, we have designed this version of the GPL to prohibit the practice for those products. If such problems arise substantially in other domains, we stand ready to extend this provision to those domains in future versions of the GPL, as needed to protect the freedom of users.\par
Finally, every program is threatened constantly by software patents. States should not allow patents to restrict development and use of software on general-purpose computers, but in those that do, we wish to avoid the special danger that patents applied to a free program could make it effectively proprietary. To prevent this, the GPL assures that patents cannot be used to render the program non-free.\par
The precise terms and conditions for copying, distribution and modification follow. {
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid                    TERMS AND CONDITIONS\par
}
\par
0. Definitions.\par
"This License" refers to version 3 of the GNU General Public License.\par
"Copyright" also means copyright-like laws that apply to other kinds of works, such as semiconductor masks.\par
"The Program" refers to any copyrightable work licensed under this License. Each licensee is addressed as "you". "Licensees" and "recipients" may be individuals or organizations.\par
To "modify" a work means to copy from or adapt all or part of the work in a fashion requiring copyright permission, other than the making of an exact copy. The resulting work is called a "modified version" of the earlier work or a work "based on" the earlier work.\par
A "covered work" means either the unmodified Program or a work based on the Program.\par
To "propagate" a work means to do anything with it that, without permission, would make you directly or secondarily liable for infringement under applicable copyright law, except executing it on a computer or modifying a private copy. Propagation includes copying, distribution (with or without modification), making available to the public, and in some countries other activities as well.\par
To "convey" a work means any kind of propagation that enables other parties to make or receive copies. Mere interaction with a user through a computer network, with no transfer of a copy, is not conveying.\par
An interactive user interface displays "Appropriate Legal Notices" to the extent that it includes a convenient and prominently visible feature that (1) displays an appropriate copyright notice, and (2) tells the user that there is no warranty for the work (except to the extent that warranties are provided), that licensees may convey the work under this License, and how to view a copy of this License. If the interface presents a list of user commands or options, such as a menu, a prominent item in the list meets this criterion.\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s90\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid 
1.\tab Source Code.\par}
The "source code" for a work means the preferred form of the work for making modifications to it. "Object code" means any non-source form of a work.\par
A "Standard Interface" means an interface that either is an official standard defined by a recognized standards body, or, in the case of interfaces specified for a particular programming language, one that is widely used among developers working in that language.\par
The "System Libraries" of an executable work include anything, other than the work as a whole, that (a) is included in the normal form of packaging a Major Component, but which is not part of that Major Component, and (b) serves only to enable use of the work with that Major Component, or to implement a Standard Interface for which an implementation is available to the public in source code form. A "Major Component", in this context, means a major essential component (kernel, window system, and so on) of the specific operating system (if any) on which the executable work runs, or a compiler used to produce the work, or an object code interpreter used to run it.\par
The "Corresponding Source" for a work in object code form means all the source code needed to generate, install, and (for an executable work) run the object code and to modify the work, including scripts to control those activities. However, it does not include the work's System Libraries, or general-purpose tools or generally available free programs which are used unmodified in performing those activities but which are not part of the work. For example, Corresponding Source includes interface definition files associated with source files for the work, and the source code for shared libraries and dynamically linked subprograms that the work is specifically designed to require, such as by intimate data communication or control flow between those subprograms and other parts of the work.\par
The Corresponding Source need not include anything that users can regenerate automatically from other parts of the Corresponding Source.\par
The Corresponding Source for a work in source code form is that same work.\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s90\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid 
1.\tab Basic Permissions.\par}
All rights granted under this License are granted for the term of copyright on the Program, and are irrevocable provided the stated conditions are met. This License explicitly affirms your unlimited permission to run the unmodified Program. The output from running a covered work is covered by this License only if the output, given its content, constitutes a covered work. This License acknowledges your rights of fair use or other equivalent, as provided by copyright law.\par
You may make, run and propagate covered works that you do not convey, without conditions so long as your license otherwise remains in force. You may convey covered works to others for the sole purpose of having them make modifications exclusively for you, or provide you with facilities for running those works, provided that you comply with the terms of this License in conveying all material for which you do not control copyright. Those thus making or running the covered works for you must do so exclusively on your behalf, under your direction and control, on terms that prohibit them from making any copies of your copyrighted material outside their relationship with you.\par
Conveying under any other circumstances is permitted solely under the conditions stated below. Sublicensing is not allowed; section 10 makes it unnecessary.\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s90\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid 
1.\tab Protecting Users' Legal Rights From Anti-Circumvention Law.\par}
No covered work shall be deemed part of an effective technological measure under any applicable law fulfilling obligations under article 11 of the WIPO copyright treaty adopted on 20 December 1996, or similar laws prohibiting or restricting circumvention of such measures.\par
When you convey a covered work, you waive any legal power to forbid circumvention of technological measures to the extent such circumvention is effected by exercising rights under this License with respect to the covered work, and you disclaim any intention to limit operation or modification of the work as a means of enforcing, against the work's users, your or third parties' legal rights to forbid circumvention of technological measures.\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s90\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid 
1.\tab Conveying Verbatim Copies.\par}
You may convey verbatim copies of the Program's source code as you receive it, in any medium, provided that you conspicuously and appropriately publish on each copy an appropriate copyright notice; keep intact all notices stating that this License and any non-permissive terms added in accord with section 7 apply to the code; keep intact all notices of the absence of any warranty; and give all recipients a copy of this License along with the Program.\par
You may charge any price or no price for each copy that you convey, and you may offer support or warranty protection for a fee.\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s90\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid 
1.\tab Conveying Modified Source Versions.\par}
You may convey a work based on the Program, or the modifications to produce it from the Program, in the form of source code under the terms of section 4, provided that you also meet all of these conditions: {
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid a) The work must carry prominent notices stating that you modified\par
it, and giving a relevant date.\par
\par
b) The work must carry prominent notices stating that it is\par
released under this License and any conditions added under section\par
7.  This requirement modifies the requirement in section 4 to\par
"keep intact all notices".\par
\par
c) You must license the entire work, as a whole, under this\par
License to anyone who comes into possession of a copy.  This\par
License will therefore apply, along with any applicable section 7\par
additional terms, to the whole of the work, and all its parts,\par
regardless of how they are packaged.  This License gives no\par
permission to license the work in any other way, but it does not\par
invalidate such permission if you have separately received it.\par
\par
d) If the work has interactive user interfaces, each must display\par
Appropriate Legal Notices; however, if the Program has interactive\par
interfaces that do not display Appropriate Legal Notices, your\par
work need not make them do so.\par
}
\par
A compilation of a covered work with other separate and independent works, which are not by their nature extensions of the covered work, and which are not combined with it such as to form a larger program, in or on a volume of a storage or distribution medium, is called an "aggregate" if the compilation and its resulting copyright are not used to limit the access or legal rights of the compilation's users beyond what the individual works permit. Inclusion of a covered work in an aggregate does not cause this License to apply to the other parts of the aggregate.\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s90\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid 
1.\tab Conveying Non-Source Forms.\par}
You may convey a covered work in object code form under the terms of sections 4 and 5, provided that you also convey the machine-readable Corresponding Source under the terms of this License, in one of these ways: {
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid a) Convey the object code in, or embodied in, a physical product\par
(including a physical distribution medium), accompanied by the\par
Corresponding Source fixed on a durable physical medium\par
customarily used for software interchange.\par
\par
b) Convey the object code in, or embodied in, a physical product\par
(including a physical distribution medium), accompanied by a\par
written offer, valid for at least three years and valid for as\par
long as you offer spare parts or customer support for that product\par
model, to give anyone who possesses the object code either (1) a\par
copy of the Corresponding Source for all the software in the\par
product that is covered by this License, on a durable physical\par
medium customarily used for software interchange, for a price no\par
more than your reasonable cost of physically performing this\par
conveying of source, or (2) access to copy the\par
Corresponding Source from a network server at no charge.\par
\par
c) Convey individual copies of the object code with a copy of the\par
written offer to provide the Corresponding Source.  This\par
alternative is allowed only occasionally and noncommercially, and\par
only if you received the object code with such an offer, in accord\par
with subsection 6b.\par
\par
d) Convey the object code by offering access from a designated\par
place (gratis or for a charge), and offer equivalent access to the\par
Corresponding Source in the same way through the same place at no\par
further charge.  You need not require recipients to copy the\par
Corresponding Source along with the object code.  If the place to\par
copy the object code is a network server, the Corresponding Source\par
may be on a different server (operated by you or a third party)\par
that supports equivalent copying facilities, provided you maintain\par
clear directions next to the object code saying where to find the\par
Corresponding Source.  Regardless of what server hosts the\par
Corresponding Source, you remain obligated to ensure that it is\par
available for as long as needed to satisfy these requirements.\par
\par
e) Convey the object code using peer-to-peer transmission, provided\par
you inform other peers where the object code and Corresponding\par
Source of the work are being offered to the general public at no\par
charge under subsection 6d.\par
}
\par
A separable portion of the object code, whose source code is excluded from the Corresponding Source as a System Library, need not be included in conveying the object code work.\par
A "User Product" is either (1) a "consumer product", which means any tangible personal property which is normally used for personal, family, or household purposes, or (2) anything designed or sold for incorporation into a dwelling. In determining whether a product is a consumer product, doubtful cases shall be resolved in favor of coverage. For a particular product received by a particular user, "normally used" refers to a typical or common use of that class of product, regardless of the status of the particular user or of the way in which the particular user actually uses, or expects or is expected to use, the product. A product is a consumer product regardless of whether the product has substantial commercial, industrial or non-consumer uses, unless such uses represent the only significant mode of use of the product.\par
"Installation Information" for a User Product means any methods, procedures, authorization keys, or other information required to install and execute modified versions of a covered work in that User Product from a modified version of its Corresponding Source. The information must suffice to ensure that the continued functioning of the modified object code is in no case prevented or interfered with solely because modification has been made.\par
If you convey an object code work under this section in, or with, or specifically for use in, a User Product, and the conveying occurs as part of a transaction in which the right of possession and use of the User Product is transferred to the recipient in perpetuity or for a fixed term (regardless of how the transaction is characterized), the Corresponding Source conveyed under this section must be accompanied by the Installation Information. But this requirement does not apply if neither you nor any third party retains the ability to install modified object code on the User Product (for example, the work has been installed in ROM).\par
The requirement to provide Installation Information does not include a requirement to continue to provide support service, warranty, or updates for a work that has been modified or installed by the recipient, or for the User Product in which it has been modified or installed. Access to a network may be denied when the modification itself materially and adversely affects the operation of the network or violates the rules and protocols for communication across the network.\par
Corresponding Source conveyed, and Installation Information provided, in accord with this section must be in a format that is publicly documented (and with an implementation available to the public in source code form), and must require no special password or key for unpacking, reading or copying.\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s90\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid 
1.\tab Additional Terms.\par}
"Additional permissions" are terms that supplement the terms of this License by making exceptions from one or more of its conditions. Additional permissions that are applicable to the entire Program shall be treated as though they were included in this License, to the extent that they are valid under applicable law. If additional permissions apply only to part of the Program, that part may be used separately under those permissions, but the entire Program remains governed by this License without regard to the additional permissions.\par
When you convey a copy of a covered work, you may at your option remove any additional permissions from that copy, or from any part of it. (Additional permissions may be written to require their own removal in certain cases when you modify the work.) You may place additional permissions on material, added by you to a covered work, for which you have or can give appropriate copyright permission.\par
Notwithstanding any other provision of this License, for material you add to a covered work, you may (if authorized by the copyright holders of that material) supplement the terms of this License with terms: {
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid a) Disclaiming warranty or limiting liability differently from the\par
terms of sections 15 and 16 of this License; or\par
\par
b) Requiring preservation of specified reasonable legal notices or\par
author attributions in that material or in the Appropriate Legal\par
Notices displayed by works containing it; or\par
\par
c) Prohibiting misrepresentation of the origin of that material, or\par
requiring that modified versions of such material be marked in\par
reasonable ways as different from the original version; or\par
\par
d) Limiting the use for publicity purposes of names of licensors or\par
authors of the material; or\par
\par
e) Declining to grant rights under trademark law for use of some\par
trade names, trademarks, or service marks; or\par
\par
f) Requiring indemnification of licensors and authors of that\par
material by anyone who conveys the material (or modified versions of\par
it) with contractual assumptions of liability to the recipient, for\par
any liability that these contractual assumptions directly impose on\par
those licensors and authors.\par
}
\par
All other non-permissive additional terms are considered "further
restrictions" within the meaning of section 10. If the Program as you received it, or any part of it, contains a notice stating that it is governed by this License along with a term that is a further restriction, you may remove that term. If a license document contains a further restriction but permits relicensing or conveying under this License, you may add to a covered work material governed by the terms of that license document, provided that the further restriction does not survive such relicensing or conveying.\par
If you add terms to a covered work in accord with this section, you must place, in the relevant source files, a statement of the additional terms that apply to those files, or a notice indicating where to find the applicable terms.\par
Additional terms, permissive or non-permissive, may be stated in the form of a separately written license, or stated as exceptions; the above requirements apply either way.\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s90\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid 
1.\tab Termination.\par}
You may not propagate or modify a covered work except as expressly provided under this License. Any attempt otherwise to propagate or modify it is void, and will automatically terminate your rights under this License (including any patent licenses granted under the third paragraph of section 11).\par
However, if you cease all violation of this License, then your license from a particular copyright holder is reinstated (a) provisionally, unless and until the copyright holder explicitly and finally terminates your license, and (b) permanently, if the copyright holder fails to notify you of the violation by some reasonable means prior to 60 days after the cessation.\par
Moreover, your license from a particular copyright holder is reinstated permanently if the copyright holder notifies you of the violation by some reasonable means, this is the first time you have received notice of violation of this License (for any work) from that copyright holder, and you cure the violation prior to 30 days after your receipt of the notice.\par
Termination of your rights under this section does not terminate the licenses of parties who have received copies or rights from you under this License. If your rights have been terminated and not permanently reinstated, you do not qualify to receive new licenses for the same material under section 10.\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s90\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid 
1.\tab Acceptance Not Required for Having Copies.\par}
You are not required to accept this License in order to receive or run a copy of the Program. Ancillary propagation of a covered work occurring solely as a consequence of using peer-to-peer transmission to receive a copy likewise does not require acceptance. However, nothing other than this License grants you permission to propagate or modify any covered work. These actions infringe copyright if you do not accept this License. Therefore, by modifying or propagating a covered work, you indicate your acceptance of this License to do so.\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s90\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid 
1.\tab Automatic Licensing of Downstream Recipients.\par}
Each time you convey a covered work, the recipient automatically receives a license from the original licensors, to run, modify and propagate that work, subject to this License. You are not responsible for enforcing compliance by third parties with this License.\par
An "entity transaction" is a transaction transferring control of an organization, or substantially all assets of one, or subdividing an organization, or merging organizations. If propagation of a covered work results from an entity transaction, each party to that transaction who receives a copy of the work also receives whatever licenses to the work the party's predecessor in interest had or could give under the previous paragraph, plus a right to possession of the Corresponding Source of the work from the predecessor in interest, if the predecessor has it or can get it with reasonable efforts.\par
You may not impose any further restrictions on the exercise of the rights granted or affirmed under this License. For example, you may not impose a license fee, royalty, or other charge for exercise of rights granted under this License, and you may not initiate litigation (including a cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that any patent claim is infringed by making, using, selling, offering for sale, or importing the Program or any portion of it.\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s90\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid 
1.\tab Patents.\par}
A "contributor" is a copyright holder who authorizes use under this License of the Program or a work on which the Program is based. The work thus licensed is called the contributor's "contributor version".\par
A contributor's "essential patent claims" are all patent claims owned or controlled by the contributor, whether already acquired or hereafter acquired, that would be infringed by some manner, permitted by this License, of making, using, or selling its contributor version, but do not include claims that would be infringed only as a consequence of further modification of the contributor version. For purposes of this definition, "control" includes the right to grant patent sublicenses in a manner consistent with the requirements of this License.\par
Each contributor grants you a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free patent license under the contributor's essential patent claims, to make, use, sell, offer for sale, import and otherwise run, modify and propagate the contents of its contributor version.\par
In the following three paragraphs, a "patent license" is any express agreement or commitment, however denominated, not to enforce a patent (such as an express permission to practice a patent or covenant not to sue for patent infringement). To "grant" such a patent license to a party means to make such an agreement or commitment not to enforce a patent against the party.\par
If you convey a covered work, knowingly relying on a patent license, and the Corresponding Source of the work is not available for anyone to copy, free of charge and under the terms of this License, through a publicly available network server or other readily accessible means, then you must either (1) cause the Corresponding Source to be so available, or (2) arrange to deprive yourself of the benefit of the patent license for this particular work, or (3) arrange, in a manner consistent with the requirements of this License, to extend the patent license to downstream recipients. "Knowingly relying" means you have actual knowledge that, but for the patent license, your conveying the covered work in a country, or your recipient's use of the covered work in a country, would infringe one or more identifiable patents in that country that you have reason to believe are valid.\par
If, pursuant to or in connection with a single transaction or arrangement, you convey, or propagate by procuring conveyance of, a covered work, and grant a patent license to some of the parties receiving the covered work authorizing them to use, propagate, modify or convey a specific copy of the covered work, then the patent license you grant is automatically extended to all recipients of the covered work and works based on it.\par
A patent license is "discriminatory" if it does not include within the scope of its coverage, prohibits the exercise of, or is conditioned on the non-exercise of one or more of the rights that are specifically granted under this License. You may not convey a covered work if you are a party to an arrangement with a third party that is in the business of distributing software, under which you make payment to the third party based on the extent of your activity of conveying the work, and under which the third party grants, to any of the parties who would receive the covered work from you, a discriminatory patent license (a) in connection with copies of the covered work conveyed by you (or copies made from those copies), or (b) primarily for and in connection with specific products or compilations that contain the covered work, unless you entered into that arrangement, or that patent license was granted, prior to 28 March 2007.\par
Nothing in this License shall be construed as excluding or limiting any implied license or other defenses to infringement that may otherwise be available to you under applicable patent law.\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s90\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid 
1.\tab No Surrender of Others' Freedom.\par}
If conditions are imposed on you (whether by court order, agreement or otherwise) that contradict the conditions of this License, they do not excuse you from the conditions of this License. If you cannot convey a covered work so as to satisfy simultaneously your obligations under this License and any other pertinent obligations, then as a consequence you may not convey it at all. For example, if you agree to terms that obligate you to collect a royalty for further conveying from those to whom you convey the Program, the only way you could satisfy both those terms and this License would be to refrain entirely from conveying the Program.\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s90\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid 
1.\tab Use with the GNU Affero General Public License.\par}
Notwithstanding any other provision of this License, you have permission to link or combine any covered work with a work licensed under version 3 of the GNU Affero General Public License into a single combined work, and to convey the resulting work. The terms of this License will continue to apply to the part which is the covered work, but the special requirements of the GNU Affero General Public License, section 13, concerning interaction through a network will apply to the combination as such.\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s90\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid 
1.\tab Revised Versions of this License.\par}
The Free Software Foundation may publish revised and/or new versions of the GNU General Public License from time to time. Such new versions will be similar in spirit to the present version, but may differ in detail to address new problems or concerns.\par
Each version is given a distinguishing version number. If the Program specifies that a certain numbered version of the GNU General Public License "or any later version" applies to it, you have the option of following the terms and conditions either of that numbered version or of any later version published by the Free Software Foundation. If the Program does not specify a version number of the GNU General Public License, you may choose any version ever published by the Free Software Foundation.\par
If the Program specifies that a proxy can decide which future versions of the GNU General Public License can be used, that proxy's public statement of acceptance of a version permanently authorizes you to choose that version for the Program.\par
Later license versions may give you additional or different permissions. However, no additional obligations are imposed on any author or copyright holder as a result of your choosing to follow a later version.\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s90\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid 
1.\tab Disclaimer of Warranty.\par}
THERE IS NO WARRANTY FOR THE PROGRAM, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE PROGRAM "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE PROGRAM IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE PROGRAM PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION.\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s90\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid 
1.\tab Limitation of Liability.\par}
IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MODIFIES AND/OR CONVEYS THE PROGRAM AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE PROGRAM (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR A FAILURE OF THE PROGRAM TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER PROGRAMS), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s90\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid 
1.\tab Interpretation of Sections 15 and 16.\par}
If the disclaimer of warranty and limitation of liability provided above cannot be given local legal effect according to their terms, reviewing courts shall apply local law that most closely approximates an absolute waiver of all civil liability in connection with the Program, unless a warranty or assumption of liability accompanies a copy of the Program in return for a fee. {
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid                  END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS\par
\par
        How to Apply These Terms to Your New Programs\par
}
\par
If you develop a new program, and you want it to be of the greatest possible use to the public, the best way to achieve this is to make it free software which everyone can redistribute and change under these terms.\par
To do so, attach the following notices to the program. It is safest to attach them to the start of each source file to most effectively state the exclusion of warranty; and each file should have at least the "copyright" line and a pointer to where the full notice is found. {
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid <one line to give the program's name and a brief idea of what it does.>\par
Copyright (C) <year>  <name of author>\par
\par
This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify\par
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by\par
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or\par
(at your option) any later version.\par
\par
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\par
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\par
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the\par
GNU General Public License for more details.\par
\par
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License\par
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.\par
}
\par
Also add information on how to contact you by electronic and paper mail.\par
If the program does terminal interaction, make it output a short notice like this when it starts in an interactive mode: {
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid <program>  Copyright (C) <year>  <name of author>\par
This program comes with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY; for details type `show w'.\par
This is free software, and you are welcome to redistribute it\par
under certain conditions; type `show c' for details.\par
}
\par
The hypothetical commands `show w' and `show c' should show the appropriate parts of the General Public License. Of course, your program's commands might be different; for a GUI interface, you would use an "about box".\par
You should also get your employer (if you work as a programmer) or school, if any, to sign a "copyright disclaimer" for the program, if necessary. For more information on this, and how to apply and follow the GNU GPL, see {\f2 http://www.gnu.org/licenses/}.\par
The GNU General Public License does not permit incorporating your program into proprietary programs. If your program is a subroutine library, you may consider it more useful to permit linking proprietary applications with the library. If this is what you want to do, use the GNU Lesser General Public License instead of this License. But first, please read {\f2 http://www.gnu.org/philosophy/why-not-lgpl.html}. \par
}}

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
Trafo{\tc \v Trafo}\par \pard\plain 
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAATN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAATN}
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This is the repository of the course object-oriented modeling in GIS at the Geodetic Institute in Karlsruhe. It contains Java code for several geodetic transformations integrated in a single programm. The course focuses on learning software engineering skills and design patterns such as singleton or factory method (creational patterns). The program is based on a structure design pattern of a Model View Controller.\par
This code is open source and everyone is invited to participate to this repository. Please feel free to pick open Issues and send Pull Requests (see section Contributing below).\par
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl4 Getting Started} \par}
These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes.\par
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl4 Prerequisites} \par}
Java-compiler or -IDE (e.g. Eclipse: {\f2 https://www.eclipse.org/}).\par
JUnit (at least Version 3 is recommended) to run the implemented tests.\par
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl4 Installing} \par}
Just clone the repository.\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid git clone https://github.com/Course-OO-modeling/Trafo.git\par
}
\par
And start as a Java project with your favorite compiler/IDE (e.g. Eclipse).\par
The project should run without any Errors.\par
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl4 Running the tests} \par}
Several Unit tests are already implemented.\par
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl4 Break down into end to end tests (Todo: Delete this section?)} \par}
Explain what these tests test and why\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid Give an example\par
}
\par
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl4 And coding style tests (Todo: Delete this section?)} \par}
Explain what these tests test and why\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid Give an example\par
}
\par
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl4 Contributing} \par}
When contributing to this repository, please first discuss the change you wish to make via issue, email, or any other method with the owners of this repository before making a change and submit pull requests.\par
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl4 Versioning} \par}
For the versions available, see the {\f2 tags on this repository}.\par
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl4 Authors} \par}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b Norbert R\'C3\'B6sch}  - {\i Initial work}  -\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b Yunhao Huang} \par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b Yucheng Luo} \par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b Markus M\'C3\'BCller} \par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b Markus Hillemann} \par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b Johanna St\'C3\'B6tzer} \par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b Matthias Schnell} \par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b Eva Majer} \par}
See also the list of {\f2 contributors} who participated in this project.\par
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl4 License} \par}
This project is licensed under the GNU License - see the {\b LICENSE.md} file for details\par
{\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {\tc\tcl4 Acknowledgments} \par}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
We acknowledge all authors and participants who contributed to this project. Thank You. \par}
}}

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
Namespace Index\par \pard\plain 
{\tc \v Namespace Index}
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Packages\par \pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid Here are the packages with brief descriptions (if available):}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s71\li360\sa27\sb27\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b {\b coordinates} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABI \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b datumstrategy} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAHE \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b params} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAIP \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b test} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAASH \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b test.coordinates} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAASI \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b test.params} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAATC \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
\par}
\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
Hierarchical Index\par \pard\plain 
{\tc \v Hierarchical Index}
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Class Hierarchy\par \pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid This inheritance list is sorted roughly, but not completely, alphabetically:}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s71\li360\sa27\sb27\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
coordinates.Coordinate\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABJ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s72\li720\sa24\sb24\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
coordinates.Gauss\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABT \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s73\li1080\sa21\sb21\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
coordinates.GaussKrueger\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAACN \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s74\li1440\sa18\sb18\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
test.coordinates.fromGeographicTest\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAASO \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
}\par
coordinates.UTM\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAGF \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s74\li1440\sa18\sb18\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
test.coordinates.UTMasGeographic\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAASW \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
}\par
}\par
coordinates.GeographicCoordinate\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAADB \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
coordinates.GeographicCoordinateInterface\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAEB \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
coordinates.Soldner\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAFG \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
coordinates.XYZCoordinate\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAGP \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
}\par
coordinates.CoordinateFactory\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABQ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
test.coordinates.CoordinateFactoryTest\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAASJ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
params.EllipsoidParms\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAANL \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s72\li720\sa24\sb24\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
params.ControlParms\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAIQ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
}\par
test.coordinates.GaussKruegerTest\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAASQ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
test.coordinates.getCoordTest\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAASU \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
params.LatParm\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAPV \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
test.params.LatParmTest\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAATD \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
params.MolodenskyParm\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAQX \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
params.SpatialSimilarityTransformParm\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAARL \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
datumstrategy.StrategyFactory\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAIK \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
Transformation\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABG \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
datumstrategy.TransformationStrategy\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAIM \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s72\li720\sa24\sb24\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
datumstrategy.CardansTransformation\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAHF \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
datumstrategy.EulersTransformation\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAHQ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
datumstrategy.MockStrategy\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAIB \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
datumstrategy.MolodenskiiTransformationStandard\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAID \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
datumstrategy.SpatialSimilarityTransformationInfin\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAII \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
}\par
test.coordinates.UTMTest\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAASY \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
}
\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
Class Index\par \pard\plain 
{\tc \v Class Index}
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Class List\par \pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid Here are the classes, structs, unions and interfaces with brief descriptions:}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s71\li360\sa27\sb27\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b {\b datumstrategy.CardansTransformation} ({\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Algorithmic realization of Translation and the Cardan's Rotation })} \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAHF \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b params.ControlParms} ({\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Class {\b ControlParms} extends class {\b EllipsoidParms} })} \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAIQ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b coordinates.Coordinate} ({\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Abstract class that represents a coordinate. Enables any concrete {\b Coordinate} class be used as input for TransformationStrategy which relies on geographic coordinates as input/output })} \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABJ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b coordinates.CoordinateFactory} ({\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\b Coordinate} factory for plane coordinates and geographic coordinates })} \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABQ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b test.coordinates.CoordinateFactoryTest} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAASJ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b params.EllipsoidParms} ({\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Ellipsoid parameters })} \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAANL \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b datumstrategy.EulersTransformation} ({\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Algorithmic realization of the Euler's transformation })} \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAHQ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b test.coordinates.fromGeographicTest} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAASO \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b coordinates.Gauss} ({\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Class {\b Gauss} extends class {\b Coordinate} })} \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABT \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b coordinates.GaussKrueger} ({\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\b Coordinate} point relating to a certain Gauss-Krueger reference meridian })} \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAACN \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b test.coordinates.GaussKruegerTest} ({\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Test class with unit tests to test behavior class GaussKrueger })} \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAASQ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b coordinates.GeographicCoordinate} ({\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Concrete implementation of abstract class {\b Coordinate}, represents a geographic coordinate (as input coordinate)\par
 })} \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAADB \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b coordinates.GeographicCoordinateInterface} ({\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Concrete implementation of abstract class {\b Coordinate}, represents a geographic coordinate (As interface for strategy)\par
 })} \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAEB \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b test.coordinates.getCoordTest} ({\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Testing of the method getCoord from the class coordinates.CoordinateFactory.java })} \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAASU \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b params.LatParm} ({\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Latitude Parameters })} \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAPV \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b test.params.LatParmTest} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAATD \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b datumstrategy.MockStrategy} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAIB \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b datumstrategy.MolodenskiiTransformationStandard} ({\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Algorithmic realization of the molodensky transformation })} \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAID \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b params.MolodenskyParm} ({\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Molodensky Parameters })} \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAQX \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b coordinates.Soldner} ({\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Class {\b Soldner} extends class {\b Coordinate} })} \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAFG \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b datumstrategy.SpatialSimilarityTransformationInfin} ({\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Algorithmic realization of the 3D similarity transformation also known as 7-parameter transformation })} \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAII \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b params.SpatialSimilarityTransformParm} ({\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Spatial similarity transform parameters })} \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAARL \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b datumstrategy.StrategyFactory} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAIK \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b Transformation} ({\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Main Transformatin class })} \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABG \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b datumstrategy.TransformationStrategy} ({\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Abstract class that encapsulates transformation algorithms for different coordinates\par
 the concrete transformation algorithms that are implemented by the child classes of {\b TransformationStrategy} implement the abstract method {\b transform(GeographicCoordinateInterface)} that performs the transformation with geographic coordinates as input/output })} \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAIM \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b coordinates.UTM} ({\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Class {\b UTM} extends class {\b Gauss} })} \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAGF \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b test.coordinates.UTMasGeographic} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAASW \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b test.coordinates.UTMTest} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAASY \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b coordinates.XYZCoordinate} ({\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Class {\b XYZCoordinate} })} \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAGP \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
\par}
\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
File Index\par \pard\plain 
{\tc \v File Index}
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
File List\par \pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid Here is a list of all files with brief descriptions:}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s71\li360\sa27\sb27\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b {\b Transformation.java} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABF \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b coordinates/{\b Coordinate.java} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAB \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b coordinates/{\b CoordinateFactory.java} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAC \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b coordinates/{\b Gauss.java} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAD \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b coordinates/{\b GaussKrueger.java} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAE \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b coordinates/{\b GeographicCoordinate.java} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAF \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b coordinates/{\b GeographicCoordinateInterface.java} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAG \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b coordinates/{\b Soldner.java} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAH \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b coordinates/{\b UTM.java} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAI \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b coordinates/{\b XYZCoordinate.java} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAJ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b datumstrategy/{\b CardansTransformation.java} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAK \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b datumstrategy/{\b EulersTransformation.java} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAL \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b datumstrategy/{\b MockStrategy.java} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAM \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b datumstrategy/{\b MolodenskiiTransformationStandard.java} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAN \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b datumstrategy/{\b SpatialSimilarityTransformationInfin.java} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAO \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b datumstrategy/{\b StrategyFactory.java} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAP \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b datumstrategy/{\b TransformationStrategy.java} ({\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Abstract class TransformationStrategy })} \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAQ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b params/{\b ControlParms.java} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAS \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b params/{\b EllipsoidParms.java} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAT \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b params/{\b LatParm.java} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAU \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b params/{\b MolodenskyParm.java} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAV \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b params/{\b SpatialSimilarityTransformParm.java} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAW \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b test/coordinates/{\b CoordinateFactoryTest.java} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAY \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b test/coordinates/{\b fromGeographicTest.java} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAZ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b test/coordinates/{\b GaussKruegerTest.java} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABA \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b test/coordinates/{\b getCoordTest.java} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABB \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b test/coordinates/{\b UTMasGeographic.java} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABC \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b test/coordinates/{\b UTMTest.java} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABD \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b test/params/{\b LatParmTest.java} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABE \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
\par}
\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
Namespace Documentation\par \pard\plain 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Package coordinates\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v coordinates}
{\xe \v coordinates}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABI}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Classes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\b Coordinate}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Abstract class that represents a coordinate. Enables any concrete {\b Coordinate} class be used as input for TransformationStrategy which relies on geographic coordinates as input/output. }}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\b CoordinateFactory}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\b Coordinate} factory for plane coordinates and geographic coordinates. }}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\b Gauss}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Class {\b Gauss} extends class {\b Coordinate}. }}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\b GaussKrueger}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\b Coordinate} point relating to a certain Gauss-Krueger reference meridian. }}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\b GeographicCoordinate}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
concrete implementation of abstract class {\b Coordinate}, represents a geographic coordinate (as input coordinate)\par
 }}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\b GeographicCoordinateInterface}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
concrete implementation of abstract class {\b Coordinate}, represents a geographic coordinate (As interface for strategy)\par
 }}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\b Soldner}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Class {\b Soldner} extends class {\b Coordinate}. }}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\b UTM}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Class {\b UTM} extends class {\b Gauss}. }}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\b XYZCoordinate}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Class {\b XYZCoordinate}. }}}
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Package datumstrategy\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v datumstrategy}
{\xe \v datumstrategy}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHE}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Classes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\b CardansTransformation}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Algorithmic realization of Translation and the Cardan's Rotation. }}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\b EulersTransformation}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Algorithmic realization of the Euler's transformation. }}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\b MockStrategy}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\b MolodenskiiTransformationStandard}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Algorithmic realization of the molodensky transformation. }}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\b SpatialSimilarityTransformationInfin}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Algorithmic realization of the 3D similarity transformation also known as 7-parameter transformation. }}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\b StrategyFactory}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\b TransformationStrategy}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
abstract class that encapsulates transformation algorithms for different coordinates\par
 the concrete transformation algorithms that are implemented by the child classes of {\b TransformationStrategy} implement the abstract method {\b transform(GeographicCoordinateInterface)} that performs the transformation with geographic coordinates as input/output }}}
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Package params\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v params}
{\xe \v params}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIP}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Classes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\b ControlParms}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Class {\b ControlParms} extends class {\b EllipsoidParms}. }}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\b EllipsoidParms}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Ellipsoid parameters. }}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\b LatParm}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Latitude Parameters. }}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\b MolodenskyParm}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Molodensky Parameters. }}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\b SpatialSimilarityTransformParm}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Spatial similarity transform parameters. }}}
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Package test\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v test}
{\xe \v test}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAASH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAASH}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Packages\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
package {\b coordinates}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
package {\b params}\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Package test.coordinates\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v test.coordinates}
{\xe \v test.coordinates}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAASI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAASI}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Classes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\b CoordinateFactoryTest}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\b fromGeographicTest}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\b GaussKruegerTest}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Test class with unit tests to test behavior class GaussKrueger. }}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\b getCoordTest}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Testing of the method getCoord from the class coordinates.CoordinateFactory.java. }}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\b UTMasGeographic}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\b UTMTest}\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Package test.params\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v test.params}
{\xe \v test.params}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAATC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAATC}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Classes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\b LatParmTest}\par
}

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
Class Documentation{\tc \v Class Documentation}
\par \pard\plain 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
datumstrategy.CardansTransformation Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v datumstrategy.CardansTransformation}
{\xe \v datumstrategy.CardansTransformation}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHF}
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Algorithmic realization of Translation and the Cardan's Rotation. }}\par
Inheritance diagram for datumstrategy.CardansTransformation:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classdatumstrategy_1_1_cardans_transformation.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b transform} ({\b GeographicCoordinateInterface} geo)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Use Cardan's Rotation to transform the geographic coordinate. }{
}\par
}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Private Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b e1}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b e2}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b e3}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b e4}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b e5}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b e6}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b e7}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b e8}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b e9}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Additional Inherited Members\par
\pard\plain 
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Algorithmic realization of Translation and the Cardan's Rotation. \par
}

{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The method takes all needed parameters from the class ControlParms that extends the class EllipsoidParms. Needed parameter for the {\b Transformation}: 3 translation-, 1 scale- and 3 rotation -parameters. The start coordinates are taken from the class GeographicCoordinate and have to be converted into cartesian coordinates to realize the transformation. The Cardan's Rotation is done with trigonometric funtion. After the {\b Transformation}, the new coordinates are converted into ellipsoidal coordinates by an iterative process.\par
source of cardan's rotation: {\f2 http://www.itm.uni-stuttgart.de/courses/madyn/Merkblaetter/M08.pdf} (in Germany) Concept explanation : {\f2 http://n.ethz.ch/~roclaudi/download/4.Semster/glossarium%20h%F7ge.pdf} \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Author:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Yucheng Luo \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Remarks:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Cardan's rotation matrix added on 01.02.2018 by Yucheng Luo \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Version:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 0.1 \par
}}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v transform\:datumstrategy::CardansTransformation}
{\xe \v datumstrategy::CardansTransformation\:transform}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void datumstrategy.CardansTransformation.transform ({\b GeographicCoordinateInterface}  {\i geo})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Use Cardan's Rotation to transform the geographic coordinate. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Translation : Cartesian coordinates are used. Rotation : rotate with principle of conventional Cardan's Rotation (Wx,Wy,Wz). Algorithm explanation : Rotate first about X-axis ,after first step rotate about current Y-axis ,at end rotate about current Z-axis.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Author:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Yucheng Luo \par
}}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Data Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v e1\:datumstrategy::CardansTransformation}
{\xe \v datumstrategy::CardansTransformation\:e1}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double datumstrategy.CardansTransformation.e1{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v e2\:datumstrategy::CardansTransformation}
{\xe \v datumstrategy::CardansTransformation\:e2}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double datumstrategy.CardansTransformation.e2{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v e3\:datumstrategy::CardansTransformation}
{\xe \v datumstrategy::CardansTransformation\:e3}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double datumstrategy.CardansTransformation.e3{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v e4\:datumstrategy::CardansTransformation}
{\xe \v datumstrategy::CardansTransformation\:e4}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double datumstrategy.CardansTransformation.e4{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v e5\:datumstrategy::CardansTransformation}
{\xe \v datumstrategy::CardansTransformation\:e5}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double datumstrategy.CardansTransformation.e5{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v e6\:datumstrategy::CardansTransformation}
{\xe \v datumstrategy::CardansTransformation\:e6}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double datumstrategy.CardansTransformation.e6{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v e7\:datumstrategy::CardansTransformation}
{\xe \v datumstrategy::CardansTransformation\:e7}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double datumstrategy.CardansTransformation.e7{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v e8\:datumstrategy::CardansTransformation}
{\xe \v datumstrategy::CardansTransformation\:e8}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double datumstrategy.CardansTransformation.e8{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v e9\:datumstrategy::CardansTransformation}
{\xe \v datumstrategy::CardansTransformation\:e9}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double datumstrategy.CardansTransformation.e9{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
datumstrategy/{\b CardansTransformation.java}\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
params.ControlParms Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v params.ControlParms}
{\xe \v params.ControlParms}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIQ}
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Class {\b ControlParms} extends class {\b EllipsoidParms}. }}\par
Inheritance diagram for params.ControlParms:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classparams_1_1_control_parms.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b print} ()\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
print outputs of class {\b params.ControlParms} }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
String {\b getPointid} ()\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
getter method that returns the id of the particular Coordinate point }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setPointid} (String {\b pointid})\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
setter method that accepts id for the particular Coordinate point }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
long {\b getPoint_number} ()\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
getter method that returns point number of the particular Coordinate point }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setPoint_number} (long {\b point_number})\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
setter method that accepts point number for the particular Coordinate point }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
String {\b getFromprojection} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setFromprojection} (String {\b fromprojection})\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
String {\b getFromdatum} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setFromdatum} (String {\b fromdatum})\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b getFromawert} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setFromawert} (double {\b fromawert})\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b getFrombwert} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setFrombwert} (double {\b frombwert})\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b getSourceCoordinateX} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setSourceCoordinateX} (double {\b sourceCoordinateX})\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b getSourceCoordinateY} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setSourceCoordinateY} (double {\b sourceCoordinateY})\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b getSourceCoordinateZ} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setSourceCoordinateZ} (double {\b sourceCoordinateZ})\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
String {\b getToprojection} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setToprojection} (String {\b toprojection})\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
String {\b getTodatum} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setTodatum} (String {\b todatum})\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b getToawert} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setToawert} (double {\b toawert})\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b getTobwert} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setTobwert} (double {\b tobwert})\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
boolean {\b isChangedatum} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setChangedatum} (boolean {\b changedatum})\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
String {\b getNorthhem} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setNorthhem} (String {\b northhem})\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
String {\b getKindofhoehe} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setKindofhoehe} (String {\b kindofhoehe})\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
String {\b getKindoftrafo} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setKindoftrafo} (String {\b kindoftrafo})\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b getDx} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setDx} (double {\b dx})\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b getDy} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setDy} (double {\b dy})\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b getDz} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setDz} (double {\b dz})\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b getDa} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setDa} (double {\b da})\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b getDf} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setDf} (double {\b df})\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b getWx} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setWx} (double {\b wx})\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b getWy} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setWy} (double {\b wy})\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b getWz} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setWz} (double {\b wz})\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b getRz1} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setRz1} (double {\b Rz1})\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b getRx2} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setRx2} (double {\b Rx2})\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b getRz3} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setRz3} (double {\b Rz3})\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b getMassstab} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setMassstab} (double {\b massstab})\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b getDestinationCoordinateX} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setDestinationCoordinateX} (double {\b destinationCoordinateX})\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b getDestinationCoordinateY} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setDestinationCoordinateY} (double {\b destinationCoordinateY})\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b getDestinationCoordinateZ} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setDestinationCoordinateZ} (double {\b destinationCoordinateZ})\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
String {\b getFileinput} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setFileinput} (String {\b fileinput})\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
String {\b getFileoutput} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setFileoutput} (String {\b fileoutput})\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
String {\b getQupkt} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setQupkt} (String {\b qupkt})\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
String {\b getQutausch} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setQutausch} (String {\b qutausch})\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
String {\b getAusgabetyp} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setAusgabetyp} (String {\b ausgabetyp})\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
String {\b getZipkt} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setZipkt} (String {\b zipkt})\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
String {\b getZihoehe} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setZihoehe} (String {\b zihoehe})\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
String {\b getZitausch} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setZitausch} (String {\b zitausch})\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Static Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static {\b ControlParms} {\b getInstance} ()\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Singleton getinstance. }{
}\par
}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Private Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b ControlParms} ()\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
private constructor for singleton }{
}\par
}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Private Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
String {\b pointid}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
long {\b point_number}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
String {\b fromprojection}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
String {\b fromdatum}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b fromawert}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b frombwert}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b sourceCoordinateX}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b sourceCoordinateY}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b sourceCoordinateZ}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
String {\b toprojection}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
String {\b todatum}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b toawert}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b tobwert}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
boolean {\b changedatum}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
String {\b northhem}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
String {\b kindofhoehe}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
String {\b kindoftrafo}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b dx}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b dy}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b dz}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b da}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b df}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b wx}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b wy}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b wz}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b Rz1}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b Rx2}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b Rz3}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b massstab}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b destinationCoordinateX}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b destinationCoordinateY}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b destinationCoordinateZ}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
String {\b fileinput}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
String {\b fileoutput}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
String {\b qupkt}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
String {\b qutausch}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
String {\b ausgabetyp}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
String {\b zipkt}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
String {\b zihoehe}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
String {\b zitausch}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Static Private Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static {\b ControlParms} {\b instance} = null\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Class {\b ControlParms} extends class {\b EllipsoidParms}. \par
}

{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Remarks:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid last refactored 11.12.2017 by Eva Majer \par
 {
\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
adaptions for {\b ControlParms} Singleton \par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Translation of some comments \par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Translation of print method output \par}
add some comments on 2018-01-06 by Yunhao Huang \par
}}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Constructor & Destructor Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v ControlParms\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:ControlParms}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
params.ControlParms.ControlParms (){\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
private constructor for singleton }}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v getAusgabetyp\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:getAusgabetyp}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
String params.ControlParms.getAusgabetyp ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v getDa\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:getDa}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.ControlParms.getDa ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v getDestinationCoordinateX\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:getDestinationCoordinateX}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.ControlParms.getDestinationCoordinateX ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v getDestinationCoordinateY\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:getDestinationCoordinateY}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.ControlParms.getDestinationCoordinateY ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v getDestinationCoordinateZ\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:getDestinationCoordinateZ}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.ControlParms.getDestinationCoordinateZ ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v getDf\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:getDf}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.ControlParms.getDf ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v getDx\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:getDx}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.ControlParms.getDx ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v getDy\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:getDy}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.ControlParms.getDy ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v getDz\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:getDz}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.ControlParms.getDz ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v getFileinput\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:getFileinput}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
String params.ControlParms.getFileinput ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v getFileoutput\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:getFileoutput}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
String params.ControlParms.getFileoutput ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v getFromawert\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:getFromawert}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.ControlParms.getFromawert ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v getFrombwert\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:getFrombwert}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.ControlParms.getFrombwert ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v getFromdatum\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:getFromdatum}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
String params.ControlParms.getFromdatum ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v getFromprojection\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:getFromprojection}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
String params.ControlParms.getFromprojection ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v getInstance\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:getInstance}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static {\b ControlParms} params.ControlParms.getInstance (){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Singleton getinstance. }}\par
}
{\xe \v getKindofhoehe\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:getKindofhoehe}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
String params.ControlParms.getKindofhoehe ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v getKindoftrafo\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:getKindoftrafo}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
String params.ControlParms.getKindoftrafo ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v getMassstab\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:getMassstab}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.ControlParms.getMassstab ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v getNorthhem\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:getNorthhem}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
String params.ControlParms.getNorthhem ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v getPoint_number\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:getPoint_number}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
long params.ControlParms.getPoint_number ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
getter method that returns point number of the particular Coordinate point }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid point_number - returns the point number of the particular Coordinate point as long value \par
}}}
{\xe \v getPointid\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:getPointid}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
String params.ControlParms.getPointid ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
getter method that returns the id of the particular Coordinate point }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid pointid - string representing the point identification number \par
}}}
{\xe \v getQupkt\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:getQupkt}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
String params.ControlParms.getQupkt ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v getQutausch\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:getQutausch}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
String params.ControlParms.getQutausch ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v getRx2\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:getRx2}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.ControlParms.getRx2 ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v getRz1\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:getRz1}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.ControlParms.getRz1 ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v getRz3\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:getRz3}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.ControlParms.getRz3 ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v getSourceCoordinateX\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:getSourceCoordinateX}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.ControlParms.getSourceCoordinateX ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v getSourceCoordinateY\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:getSourceCoordinateY}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.ControlParms.getSourceCoordinateY ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v getSourceCoordinateZ\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:getSourceCoordinateZ}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.ControlParms.getSourceCoordinateZ ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v getToawert\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:getToawert}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.ControlParms.getToawert ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v getTobwert\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:getTobwert}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.ControlParms.getTobwert ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v getTodatum\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:getTodatum}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
String params.ControlParms.getTodatum ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v getToprojection\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:getToprojection}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
String params.ControlParms.getToprojection ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v getWx\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:getWx}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.ControlParms.getWx ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v getWy\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:getWy}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.ControlParms.getWy ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v getWz\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:getWz}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.ControlParms.getWz ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v getZihoehe\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:getZihoehe}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
String params.ControlParms.getZihoehe ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v getZipkt\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:getZipkt}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
String params.ControlParms.getZipkt ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v getZitausch\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:getZitausch}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
String params.ControlParms.getZitausch ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v isChangedatum\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:isChangedatum}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
boolean params.ControlParms.isChangedatum ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v print\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:print}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void params.ControlParms.print ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
print outputs of class {\b params.ControlParms} }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Author:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid unknown \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Remarks:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid updated header 2018-01-06 by Yunhao Huang \par
}}}
{\xe \v setAusgabetyp\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:setAusgabetyp}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void params.ControlParms.setAusgabetyp (String  {\i ausgabetyp})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v setChangedatum\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:setChangedatum}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void params.ControlParms.setChangedatum (boolean  {\i changedatum})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v setDa\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:setDa}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void params.ControlParms.setDa (double  {\i da})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v setDestinationCoordinateX\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:setDestinationCoordinateX}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void params.ControlParms.setDestinationCoordinateX (double  {\i destinationCoordinateX})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v setDestinationCoordinateY\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:setDestinationCoordinateY}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void params.ControlParms.setDestinationCoordinateY (double  {\i destinationCoordinateY})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v setDestinationCoordinateZ\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:setDestinationCoordinateZ}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void params.ControlParms.setDestinationCoordinateZ (double  {\i destinationCoordinateZ})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v setDf\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:setDf}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void params.ControlParms.setDf (double  {\i df})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v setDx\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:setDx}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void params.ControlParms.setDx (double  {\i dx})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v setDy\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:setDy}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void params.ControlParms.setDy (double  {\i dy})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v setDz\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:setDz}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void params.ControlParms.setDz (double  {\i dz})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v setFileinput\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:setFileinput}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void params.ControlParms.setFileinput (String  {\i fileinput})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v setFileoutput\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:setFileoutput}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void params.ControlParms.setFileoutput (String  {\i fileoutput})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v setFromawert\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:setFromawert}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void params.ControlParms.setFromawert (double  {\i fromawert})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v setFrombwert\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:setFrombwert}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void params.ControlParms.setFrombwert (double  {\i frombwert})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v setFromdatum\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:setFromdatum}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void params.ControlParms.setFromdatum (String  {\i fromdatum})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v setFromprojection\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:setFromprojection}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void params.ControlParms.setFromprojection (String  {\i fromprojection})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v setKindofhoehe\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:setKindofhoehe}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void params.ControlParms.setKindofhoehe (String  {\i kindofhoehe})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v setKindoftrafo\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:setKindoftrafo}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void params.ControlParms.setKindoftrafo (String  {\i kindoftrafo})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v setMassstab\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:setMassstab}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void params.ControlParms.setMassstab (double  {\i massstab})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v setNorthhem\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:setNorthhem}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void params.ControlParms.setNorthhem (String  {\i northhem})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v setPoint_number\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:setPoint_number}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void params.ControlParms.setPoint_number (long  {\i point_number})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
setter method that accepts point number for the particular Coordinate point }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i point_number} \cell }{- a long value representing the point number for the particular Coordinate point \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v setPointid\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:setPointid}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void params.ControlParms.setPointid (String  {\i pointid})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
setter method that accepts id for the particular Coordinate point }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i pointid} \cell }{- string representing the point identification number \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v setQupkt\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:setQupkt}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void params.ControlParms.setQupkt (String  {\i qupkt})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v setQutausch\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:setQutausch}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void params.ControlParms.setQutausch (String  {\i qutausch})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v setRx2\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:setRx2}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void params.ControlParms.setRx2 (double  {\i Rx2})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v setRz1\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:setRz1}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void params.ControlParms.setRz1 (double  {\i Rz1})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v setRz3\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:setRz3}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void params.ControlParms.setRz3 (double  {\i Rz3})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v setSourceCoordinateX\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:setSourceCoordinateX}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void params.ControlParms.setSourceCoordinateX (double  {\i sourceCoordinateX})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v setSourceCoordinateY\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:setSourceCoordinateY}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void params.ControlParms.setSourceCoordinateY (double  {\i sourceCoordinateY})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v setSourceCoordinateZ\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:setSourceCoordinateZ}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void params.ControlParms.setSourceCoordinateZ (double  {\i sourceCoordinateZ})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v setToawert\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:setToawert}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void params.ControlParms.setToawert (double  {\i toawert})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v setTobwert\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:setTobwert}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void params.ControlParms.setTobwert (double  {\i tobwert})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v setTodatum\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:setTodatum}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void params.ControlParms.setTodatum (String  {\i todatum})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v setToprojection\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:setToprojection}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void params.ControlParms.setToprojection (String  {\i toprojection})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v setWx\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:setWx}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void params.ControlParms.setWx (double  {\i wx})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v setWy\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:setWy}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void params.ControlParms.setWy (double  {\i wy})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v setWz\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:setWz}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void params.ControlParms.setWz (double  {\i wz})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v setZihoehe\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:setZihoehe}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void params.ControlParms.setZihoehe (String  {\i zihoehe})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v setZipkt\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:setZipkt}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void params.ControlParms.setZipkt (String  {\i zipkt})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v setZitausch\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:setZitausch}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void params.ControlParms.setZitausch (String  {\i zitausch})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Data Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v ausgabetyp\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:ausgabetyp}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
String params.ControlParms.ausgabetyp{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v changedatum\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:changedatum}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
boolean params.ControlParms.changedatum{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
True/False means with/without datum changement \par
}}
{\xe \v da\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:da}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.ControlParms.da{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Difference in large semi axis (For Molodenskii-Transformation) \par
}}
{\xe \v destinationCoordinateX\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:destinationCoordinateX}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.ControlParms.destinationCoordinateX{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Currently not used \par
}}
{\xe \v destinationCoordinateY\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:destinationCoordinateY}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.ControlParms.destinationCoordinateY{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Currently not used \par
}}
{\xe \v destinationCoordinateZ\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:destinationCoordinateZ}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.ControlParms.destinationCoordinateZ{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Currently not used \par
}}
{\xe \v df\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:df}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.ControlParms.df{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Difference flattening (For Molodenskii-Transformation) \par
}}
{\xe \v dx\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:dx}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.ControlParms.dx{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Translation X (For Molodenskii und 3D similarity transformation) \par
}}
{\xe \v dy\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:dy}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.ControlParms.dy{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAME}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAME}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Translation Y (For Molodenskii und 3D similarity transformation) \par
}}
{\xe \v dz\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:dz}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.ControlParms.dz{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Translation Z (For Molodenskii und 3D similarity transformation) \par
}}
{\xe \v fileinput\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:fileinput}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
String params.ControlParms.fileinput{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v fileoutput\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:fileoutput}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
String params.ControlParms.fileoutput{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v fromawert\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:fromawert}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.ControlParms.fromawert{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v frombwert\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:frombwert}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.ControlParms.frombwert{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v fromdatum\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:fromdatum}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
String params.ControlParms.fromdatum{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v fromprojection\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:fromprojection}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
String params.ControlParms.fromprojection{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAML}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAML}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v instance\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:instance}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b ControlParms} params.ControlParms.instance = null{\f2 [static]}, {\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Singleton \par
}}
{\xe \v kindofhoehe\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:kindofhoehe}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
String params.ControlParms.kindofhoehe{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Height calculation \par
}}
{\xe \v kindoftrafo\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:kindoftrafo}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
String params.ControlParms.kindoftrafo{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Kind of transformation (e.g. 3D similarity transformation) \par
}}
{\xe \v massstab\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:massstab}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.ControlParms.massstab{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Scale (For 3D similarity transformation) \par
}}
{\xe \v northhem\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:northhem}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
String params.ControlParms.northhem{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Hemisphere \par
}}
{\xe \v point_number\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:point_number}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
long params.ControlParms.point_number{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v pointid\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:pointid}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
String params.ControlParms.pointid{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v qupkt\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:qupkt}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
String params.ControlParms.qupkt{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v qutausch\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:qutausch}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
String params.ControlParms.qutausch{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v Rx2\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:Rx2}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.ControlParms.Rx2{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
second Rotation about current X (For Eulerstransformation) \par
}}
{\xe \v Rz1\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:Rz1}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.ControlParms.Rz1{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
first Rotation about current Z (For Eulerstransformation) \par
}}
{\xe \v Rz3\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:Rz3}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.ControlParms.Rz3{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
third Rotation about current Z (For Eulerstransformation) \par
}}
{\xe \v sourceCoordinateX\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:sourceCoordinateX}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.ControlParms.sourceCoordinateX{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Input coordinate X \par
}}
{\xe \v sourceCoordinateY\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:sourceCoordinateY}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.ControlParms.sourceCoordinateY{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Input coordinate Y \par
}}
{\xe \v sourceCoordinateZ\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:sourceCoordinateZ}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.ControlParms.sourceCoordinateZ{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Input coordinate Z \par
}}
{\xe \v toawert\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:toawert}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.ControlParms.toawert{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v tobwert\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:tobwert}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.ControlParms.tobwert{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v todatum\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:todatum}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
String params.ControlParms.todatum{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAND}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAND}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v toprojection\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:toprojection}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
String params.ControlParms.toprojection{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v wx\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:wx}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.ControlParms.wx{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Rotation X (For 3D similarity transformation) \par
}}
{\xe \v wy\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:wy}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.ControlParms.wy{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Rotation Y (For 3D similarity transformation) \par
}}
{\xe \v wz\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:wz}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.ControlParms.wz{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Rotation Z (For 3D similarity transformation) \par
}}
{\xe \v zihoehe\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:zihoehe}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
String params.ControlParms.zihoehe{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v zipkt\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:zipkt}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
String params.ControlParms.zipkt{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v zitausch\:params::ControlParms}
{\xe \v params::ControlParms\:zitausch}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
String params.ControlParms.zitausch{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
params/{\b ControlParms.java}\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
coordinates.Coordinate Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v coordinates.Coordinate}
{\xe \v coordinates.Coordinate}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABJ}
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Abstract class that represents a coordinate. Enables any concrete {\b Coordinate} class be used as input for TransformationStrategy which relies on geographic coordinates as input/output. }}\par
Inheritance diagram for coordinates.Coordinate:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classcoordinates_1_1_coordinate.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
abstract {\b GeographicCoordinateInterface} {\b getAsGeographicInterface} ({\b EllipsoidParms} ellipsoidParms)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
abstract method that allows the concrete {\b Coordinate} instance to be convertable to {\b GeographicCoordinate} }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
abstract void {\b fromGeographicInterface} ({\b EllipsoidParms} ellipsoidParms, {\b GeographicCoordinateInterface} geographicCoordinate)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
abstract method that allows the concrete {\b Coordinate} instance to be convertable from {\b GeographicCoordinate} }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
abstract void {\b print} ()\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
abstract methond that allows the concrete {\b Coordinate} to be output on screen }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
String {\b getPointid} ()\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
getter method that returns the id of the particular {\b Coordinate} point }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setPointid} (String {\b pointid})\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
setter method that accepts id for the particular {\b Coordinate} point }{
}\par
}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Private Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
String {\b pointid}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Abstract class that represents a coordinate. Enables any concrete {\b Coordinate} class be used as input for TransformationStrategy which relies on geographic coordinates as input/output. \par
}

{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Author:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid unknown on 2016-11 \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Remarks:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid updated header on 2017-11-29 by Markus Mueller \par
renamed to {\b Coordinate} (was Coordinates) on 2016-11-26 by Patrick Huebner \par
added abstract methods {\b getAsGeographic} and {\b fromGeographic} to enable any concrete {\b Coordinate} class be used as input for TransformationStrategy which relies on geographic coordinates as input/output on 2016-11-26 by Patrick Huebner \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Version:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 0.1 \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s60\li0\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i pointid} \cell }{- string representing the point identification number \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v fromGeographicInterface\:coordinates::Coordinate}
{\xe \v coordinates::Coordinate\:fromGeographicInterface}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
abstract void coordinates.Coordinate.fromGeographicInterface ({\b EllipsoidParms}  {\i ellipsoidParms}, {\b GeographicCoordinateInterface}  {\i geographicCoordinate}){\f2 [abstract]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
abstract method that allows the concrete {\b Coordinate} instance to be convertable from {\b GeographicCoordinate} }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i geographicCoordinate} \cell }{- an object of type {\b GeographicCoordinate} that represents the geographic coordinate the concrete {\b Coordinate} instance should be converted from \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i ellipsoidParms} \cell }{- an object of type EllipsoidParms that contains details about the ellipsoid the {\b GeographicCoordinate} refers to \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v getAsGeographicInterface\:coordinates::Coordinate}
{\xe \v coordinates::Coordinate\:getAsGeographicInterface}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
abstract {\b GeographicCoordinateInterface} coordinates.Coordinate.getAsGeographicInterface ({\b EllipsoidParms}  {\i ellipsoidParms}){\f2 [abstract]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
abstract method that allows the concrete {\b Coordinate} instance to be convertable to {\b GeographicCoordinate} }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i ellipsoidParms} \cell }{- an object of type EllipsoidParms that contains details about the ellipsoid the {\b GeographicCoordinate} should refer to \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v getPointid\:coordinates::Coordinate}
{\xe \v coordinates::Coordinate\:getPointid}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
String coordinates.Coordinate.getPointid ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
getter method that returns the id of the particular {\b Coordinate} point }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid pointid - string representing the point identification number \par
}}}
{\xe \v print\:coordinates::Coordinate}
{\xe \v coordinates::Coordinate\:print}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
abstract void coordinates.Coordinate.print (){\f2 [abstract]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
abstract methond that allows the concrete {\b Coordinate} to be output on screen }}\par
}
{\xe \v setPointid\:coordinates::Coordinate}
{\xe \v coordinates::Coordinate\:setPointid}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void coordinates.Coordinate.setPointid (String  {\i pointid})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
setter method that accepts id for the particular {\b Coordinate} point }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i pointid} \cell }{- string representing the point identification number \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Data Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v pointid\:coordinates::Coordinate}
{\xe \v coordinates::Coordinate\:pointid}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
String coordinates.Coordinate.pointid{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
coordinates/{\b Coordinate.java}\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
coordinates.CoordinateFactory Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v coordinates.CoordinateFactory}
{\xe \v coordinates.CoordinateFactory}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABQ}
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\b Coordinate} factory for plane coordinates and geographic coordinates. }}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Static Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static {\b Coordinate} {\b getCoord} (String object)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
getter method that returns an appropriate coordinate depending on the users input }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static {\b GeographicCoordinateInterface} {\b getGeographicCoordinateInterface} ()\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\b Coordinate} factory for plane coordinates and geographic coordinates. \par
}

{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Author:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Norbert R\'F6sch \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Remarks:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid updated header on 2017-11-29 by Markus Mueller \par
last refactored 11.12.2017 by Eva Majer \par
 {
\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
adaptions for ControlParms Singleton \par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Translation of some comments \par}
2018-01-06 add comments by Yunhao Huang \par
2018-01-12 added new {\b GeographicCoordinate} as comment by Johanna Stoetzer \par
2018-01-25 added XYZ-Coordinate to getCoord by Markus Mueller \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Version:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 0.1 \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s60\li0\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i {\b Coordinate}} \cell }{- the plane coordinates {\b GaussKrueger}, {\b UTM} and {\b Soldner} \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i {\b GeographicCoordinateInterface}} \cell }{- the geographic coordinate interface \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v getCoord\:coordinates::CoordinateFactory}
{\xe \v coordinates::CoordinateFactory\:getCoord}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static {\b Coordinate} coordinates.CoordinateFactory.getCoord (String  {\i object}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
getter method that returns an appropriate coordinate depending on the users input }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i object} \cell }{- string representing the type of the coordinate \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v getGeographicCoordinateInterface\:coordinates::CoordinateFactory}
{\xe \v coordinates::CoordinateFactory\:getGeographicCoordinateInterface}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static {\b GeographicCoordinateInterface} coordinates.CoordinateFactory.getGeographicCoordinateInterface (){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
coordinates/{\b CoordinateFactory.java}\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
test.coordinates.CoordinateFactoryTest Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v test.coordinates.CoordinateFactoryTest}
{\xe \v test.coordinates.CoordinateFactoryTest}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAASJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAASJ}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b testGetCoordGK} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b testGetCoordUTM} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b testGetCoordSoldner} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b testGetCoordGeographic} ()\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v testGetCoordGeographic\:test::coordinates::CoordinateFactoryTest}
{\xe \v test::coordinates::CoordinateFactoryTest\:testGetCoordGeographic}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void test.coordinates.CoordinateFactoryTest.testGetCoordGeographic ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAASK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAASK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v testGetCoordGK\:test::coordinates::CoordinateFactoryTest}
{\xe \v test::coordinates::CoordinateFactoryTest\:testGetCoordGK}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void test.coordinates.CoordinateFactoryTest.testGetCoordGK ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAASL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAASL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v testGetCoordSoldner\:test::coordinates::CoordinateFactoryTest}
{\xe \v test::coordinates::CoordinateFactoryTest\:testGetCoordSoldner}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void test.coordinates.CoordinateFactoryTest.testGetCoordSoldner ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAASM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAASM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v testGetCoordUTM\:test::coordinates::CoordinateFactoryTest}
{\xe \v test::coordinates::CoordinateFactoryTest\:testGetCoordUTM}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void test.coordinates.CoordinateFactoryTest.testGetCoordUTM ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAASN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAASN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
test/coordinates/{\b CoordinateFactoryTest.java}\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
params.EllipsoidParms Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v params.EllipsoidParms}
{\xe \v params.EllipsoidParms}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANL}
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Ellipsoid parameters. }}\par
Inheritance diagram for params.EllipsoidParms:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classparams_1_1_ellipsoid_parms.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b EllipsoidParms} ()\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Constructor for the class {\b params.EllipsoidParms}. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b EllipsoidParms} (double {\b es2}, double {\b c})\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
General constructor for the class {\b params.EllipsoidParms}. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b calculatelongitudeParms} ({\b GeographicCoordinateInterface} geo)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b print} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
String {\b getId} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setId} (String {\b id})\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b getC} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setC} (double {\b c})\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b getEs2} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setEs2} (double {\b es2})\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b getA} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setA} (double {\b a})\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b getB} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setB} (double {\b b})\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b getF} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setF} (double {\b f})\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b getE2} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setE2} (double {\b e2})\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
String {\b getToid} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setToid} (String {\b toid})\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b getToc} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setToc} (double {\b toc})\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b getToes2} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setToes2} (double {\b toes2})\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b getToa} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setToa} (double {\b toa})\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b getTob} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setTob} (double {\b tob})\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b getTof} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setTof} (double {\b tof})\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b getToe2} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setToe2} (double {\b toe2})\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b getN} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setN} (double n)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b getM} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setM} (double m)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b getSoldner_l0} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setSoldner_l0} (double soldner_l0)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b getSoldner_b0} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setSoldner_b0} (double soldner_b0)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b getGK_refmer} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setGK_refmer} (double {\b GK_refmer})\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Private Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
String {\b id}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b c}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b es2}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b a}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b b}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b f}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b e2}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
String {\b toid}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b toc}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b toes2}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b toa}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b tob}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b tof}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b toe2}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b N}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b M}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b Soldner_l0}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b Soldner_b0}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b GK_refmer}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Ellipsoid parameters. \par
}

{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Author:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid unknown \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Remarks:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid add header and some comments on 2018-01-06 by Yunhao Huang \par
}}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Constructor & Destructor Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v EllipsoidParms\:params::EllipsoidParms}
{\xe \v params::EllipsoidParms\:EllipsoidParms}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
params.EllipsoidParms.EllipsoidParms ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Constructor for the class {\b params.EllipsoidParms}. }}\par
}
{\xe \v EllipsoidParms\:params::EllipsoidParms}
{\xe \v params::EllipsoidParms\:EllipsoidParms}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
params.EllipsoidParms.EllipsoidParms (double  {\i es2}, double  {\i c})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
General constructor for the class {\b params.EllipsoidParms}. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Transfer of two shape parameters \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v calculatelongitudeParms\:params::EllipsoidParms}
{\xe \v params::EllipsoidParms\:calculatelongitudeParms}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void params.EllipsoidParms.calculatelongitudeParms ({\b GeographicCoordinateInterface}  {\i geo})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v getA\:params::EllipsoidParms}
{\xe \v params::EllipsoidParms\:getA}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.EllipsoidParms.getA ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v getB\:params::EllipsoidParms}
{\xe \v params::EllipsoidParms\:getB}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.EllipsoidParms.getB ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v getC\:params::EllipsoidParms}
{\xe \v params::EllipsoidParms\:getC}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.EllipsoidParms.getC ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v getE2\:params::EllipsoidParms}
{\xe \v params::EllipsoidParms\:getE2}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.EllipsoidParms.getE2 ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v getEs2\:params::EllipsoidParms}
{\xe \v params::EllipsoidParms\:getEs2}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.EllipsoidParms.getEs2 ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v getF\:params::EllipsoidParms}
{\xe \v params::EllipsoidParms\:getF}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.EllipsoidParms.getF ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v getGK_refmer\:params::EllipsoidParms}
{\xe \v params::EllipsoidParms\:getGK_refmer}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.EllipsoidParms.getGK_refmer ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v getId\:params::EllipsoidParms}
{\xe \v params::EllipsoidParms\:getId}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
String params.EllipsoidParms.getId ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v getM\:params::EllipsoidParms}
{\xe \v params::EllipsoidParms\:getM}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.EllipsoidParms.getM ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v getN\:params::EllipsoidParms}
{\xe \v params::EllipsoidParms\:getN}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.EllipsoidParms.getN ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v getSoldner_b0\:params::EllipsoidParms}
{\xe \v params::EllipsoidParms\:getSoldner_b0}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.EllipsoidParms.getSoldner_b0 ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v getSoldner_l0\:params::EllipsoidParms}
{\xe \v params::EllipsoidParms\:getSoldner_l0}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.EllipsoidParms.getSoldner_l0 ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v getToa\:params::EllipsoidParms}
{\xe \v params::EllipsoidParms\:getToa}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.EllipsoidParms.getToa ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v getTob\:params::EllipsoidParms}
{\xe \v params::EllipsoidParms\:getTob}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.EllipsoidParms.getTob ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v getToc\:params::EllipsoidParms}
{\xe \v params::EllipsoidParms\:getToc}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.EllipsoidParms.getToc ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v getToe2\:params::EllipsoidParms}
{\xe \v params::EllipsoidParms\:getToe2}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.EllipsoidParms.getToe2 ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v getToes2\:params::EllipsoidParms}
{\xe \v params::EllipsoidParms\:getToes2}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.EllipsoidParms.getToes2 ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v getTof\:params::EllipsoidParms}
{\xe \v params::EllipsoidParms\:getTof}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.EllipsoidParms.getTof ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v getToid\:params::EllipsoidParms}
{\xe \v params::EllipsoidParms\:getToid}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
String params.EllipsoidParms.getToid ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v print\:params::EllipsoidParms}
{\xe \v params::EllipsoidParms\:print}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void params.EllipsoidParms.print ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v setA\:params::EllipsoidParms}
{\xe \v params::EllipsoidParms\:setA}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void params.EllipsoidParms.setA (double  {\i a})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v setB\:params::EllipsoidParms}
{\xe \v params::EllipsoidParms\:setB}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void params.EllipsoidParms.setB (double  {\i b})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v setC\:params::EllipsoidParms}
{\xe \v params::EllipsoidParms\:setC}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void params.EllipsoidParms.setC (double  {\i c})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v setE2\:params::EllipsoidParms}
{\xe \v params::EllipsoidParms\:setE2}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void params.EllipsoidParms.setE2 (double  {\i e2})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v setEs2\:params::EllipsoidParms}
{\xe \v params::EllipsoidParms\:setEs2}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void params.EllipsoidParms.setEs2 (double  {\i es2})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAON}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAON}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v setF\:params::EllipsoidParms}
{\xe \v params::EllipsoidParms\:setF}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void params.EllipsoidParms.setF (double  {\i f})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v setGK_refmer\:params::EllipsoidParms}
{\xe \v params::EllipsoidParms\:setGK_refmer}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void params.EllipsoidParms.setGK_refmer (double  {\i GK_refmer})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v setId\:params::EllipsoidParms}
{\xe \v params::EllipsoidParms\:setId}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void params.EllipsoidParms.setId (String  {\i id})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v setM\:params::EllipsoidParms}
{\xe \v params::EllipsoidParms\:setM}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void params.EllipsoidParms.setM (double  {\i m})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v setN\:params::EllipsoidParms}
{\xe \v params::EllipsoidParms\:setN}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void params.EllipsoidParms.setN (double  {\i n})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v setSoldner_b0\:params::EllipsoidParms}
{\xe \v params::EllipsoidParms\:setSoldner_b0}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void params.EllipsoidParms.setSoldner_b0 (double  {\i soldner_b0})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v setSoldner_l0\:params::EllipsoidParms}
{\xe \v params::EllipsoidParms\:setSoldner_l0}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void params.EllipsoidParms.setSoldner_l0 (double  {\i soldner_l0})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v setToa\:params::EllipsoidParms}
{\xe \v params::EllipsoidParms\:setToa}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void params.EllipsoidParms.setToa (double  {\i toa})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v setTob\:params::EllipsoidParms}
{\xe \v params::EllipsoidParms\:setTob}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void params.EllipsoidParms.setTob (double  {\i tob})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v setToc\:params::EllipsoidParms}
{\xe \v params::EllipsoidParms\:setToc}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void params.EllipsoidParms.setToc (double  {\i toc})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v setToe2\:params::EllipsoidParms}
{\xe \v params::EllipsoidParms\:setToe2}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void params.EllipsoidParms.setToe2 (double  {\i toe2})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v setToes2\:params::EllipsoidParms}
{\xe \v params::EllipsoidParms\:setToes2}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void params.EllipsoidParms.setToes2 (double  {\i toes2})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v setTof\:params::EllipsoidParms}
{\xe \v params::EllipsoidParms\:setTof}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void params.EllipsoidParms.setTof (double  {\i tof})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v setToid\:params::EllipsoidParms}
{\xe \v params::EllipsoidParms\:setToid}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void params.EllipsoidParms.setToid (String  {\i toid})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Data Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v a\:params::EllipsoidParms}
{\xe \v params::EllipsoidParms\:a}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.EllipsoidParms.a{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Semi-major axis \par
}}
{\xe \v b\:params::EllipsoidParms}
{\xe \v params::EllipsoidParms\:b}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.EllipsoidParms.b{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Semi-minor axis \par
}}
{\xe \v c\:params::EllipsoidParms}
{\xe \v params::EllipsoidParms\:c}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.EllipsoidParms.c{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Radius of curvature \par
}}
{\xe \v e2\:params::EllipsoidParms}
{\xe \v params::EllipsoidParms\:e2}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.EllipsoidParms.e2{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
First eccentricity \par
}}
{\xe \v es2\:params::EllipsoidParms}
{\xe \v params::EllipsoidParms\:es2}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.EllipsoidParms.es2{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Second eccentricity \par
}}
{\xe \v f\:params::EllipsoidParms}
{\xe \v params::EllipsoidParms\:f}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.EllipsoidParms.f{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Flattening \par
}}
{\xe \v GK_refmer\:params::EllipsoidParms}
{\xe \v params::EllipsoidParms\:GK_refmer}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.EllipsoidParms.GK_refmer{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Parameters for converting geographic coordinates -> {\b coordinates.GaussKrueger} \par
}}
{\xe \v id\:params::EllipsoidParms}
{\xe \v params::EllipsoidParms\:id}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
String params.EllipsoidParms.id{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
ID \par
}}
{\xe \v M\:params::EllipsoidParms}
{\xe \v params::EllipsoidParms\:M}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.EllipsoidParms.M{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Radius M (only if necessary) \par
}}
{\xe \v N\:params::EllipsoidParms}
{\xe \v params::EllipsoidParms\:N}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.EllipsoidParms.N{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Radius N (only if necessary) \par
}}
{\xe \v Soldner_b0\:params::EllipsoidParms}
{\xe \v params::EllipsoidParms\:Soldner_b0}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.EllipsoidParms.Soldner_b0{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Parameters for converting geographic coordinates -> {\b coordinates.Soldner} \par
}}
{\xe \v Soldner_l0\:params::EllipsoidParms}
{\xe \v params::EllipsoidParms\:Soldner_l0}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.EllipsoidParms.Soldner_l0{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Parameters for converting geographic coordinates -> {\b coordinates.Soldner} \par
}}
{\xe \v toa\:params::EllipsoidParms}
{\xe \v params::EllipsoidParms\:toa}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.EllipsoidParms.toa{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Semi-major axis (if change of datum) \par
}}
{\xe \v tob\:params::EllipsoidParms}
{\xe \v params::EllipsoidParms\:tob}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.EllipsoidParms.tob{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Semi-minor axis (if change of datum) \par
}}
{\xe \v toc\:params::EllipsoidParms}
{\xe \v params::EllipsoidParms\:toc}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.EllipsoidParms.toc{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Radius of curvature (if change of datum) \par
}}
{\xe \v toe2\:params::EllipsoidParms}
{\xe \v params::EllipsoidParms\:toe2}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.EllipsoidParms.toe2{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
First eccentricity (if change of datum) \par
}}
{\xe \v toes2\:params::EllipsoidParms}
{\xe \v params::EllipsoidParms\:toes2}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.EllipsoidParms.toes2{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Second eccentricity (if change of datum) \par
}}
{\xe \v tof\:params::EllipsoidParms}
{\xe \v params::EllipsoidParms\:tof}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.EllipsoidParms.tof{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Flattening (if change of datum) \par
}}
{\xe \v toid\:params::EllipsoidParms}
{\xe \v params::EllipsoidParms\:toid}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
String params.EllipsoidParms.toid{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
ID (if change of datum) \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
params/{\b EllipsoidParms.java}\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
datumstrategy.EulersTransformation Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v datumstrategy.EulersTransformation}
{\xe \v datumstrategy.EulersTransformation}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHQ}
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Algorithmic realization of the Euler's transformation. }}\par
Inheritance diagram for datumstrategy.EulersTransformation:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classdatumstrategy_1_1_eulers_transformation.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b transform} ({\b GeographicCoordinateInterface} geo)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Use Euler angles to transform the geographic coordinate. }{
}\par
}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Private Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b e1}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b e2}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b e3}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b e4}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b e5}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b e6}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b e7}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b e8}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b e9}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Additional Inherited Members\par
\pard\plain 
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Algorithmic realization of the Euler's transformation. \par
}

{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The method takes all needed parameters from the class ControlParms that extends the class EllipsoidParms. Needed parameter for the {\b EulersTransformation}: 3 translation-, 1 scale- and 3 rotation -parameters. The start coordinates are taken from the class GeographicCoordinate and have to be converted into cartesian coordinates to realize the transformation. The Translation is done with cartesian coordinates and the rotation is implemented with trigonometric function. After the {\b Transformation}, the new cartesian coordinates are converted into ellipsoidal coordinates by an iterative process.\par
source of {\b EulersTransformation}: {\f2 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Euler_angles} \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Author:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Yucheng Luo \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Remarks:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Euler's angle added on 01.02.2018 by Yucheng Luo \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Version:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 0.1 \par
}}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v transform\:datumstrategy::EulersTransformation}
{\xe \v datumstrategy::EulersTransformation\:transform}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void datumstrategy.EulersTransformation.transform ({\b GeographicCoordinateInterface}  {\i geo})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Use Euler angles to transform the geographic coordinate. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Translation : Cartesian coordinates are used. Rotation : rotate with principle of conventional Euler's Standard-x-convention (Rz1,Rx2,Rz3). Algorithm explanation : Rotate first about Z-axis ,after first step rotate about current X-axis, at end rotate about current Z-axis. Link to the Algorithm : {\f2 https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eulersche_Winkel}\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Author:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Yucheng Luo \par
}}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Data Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v e1\:datumstrategy::EulersTransformation}
{\xe \v datumstrategy::EulersTransformation\:e1}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double datumstrategy.EulersTransformation.e1{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v e2\:datumstrategy::EulersTransformation}
{\xe \v datumstrategy::EulersTransformation\:e2}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double datumstrategy.EulersTransformation.e2{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v e3\:datumstrategy::EulersTransformation}
{\xe \v datumstrategy::EulersTransformation\:e3}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double datumstrategy.EulersTransformation.e3{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v e4\:datumstrategy::EulersTransformation}
{\xe \v datumstrategy::EulersTransformation\:e4}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double datumstrategy.EulersTransformation.e4{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v e5\:datumstrategy::EulersTransformation}
{\xe \v datumstrategy::EulersTransformation\:e5}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double datumstrategy.EulersTransformation.e5{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v e6\:datumstrategy::EulersTransformation}
{\xe \v datumstrategy::EulersTransformation\:e6}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double datumstrategy.EulersTransformation.e6{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v e7\:datumstrategy::EulersTransformation}
{\xe \v datumstrategy::EulersTransformation\:e7}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double datumstrategy.EulersTransformation.e7{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v e8\:datumstrategy::EulersTransformation}
{\xe \v datumstrategy::EulersTransformation\:e8}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double datumstrategy.EulersTransformation.e8{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v e9\:datumstrategy::EulersTransformation}
{\xe \v datumstrategy::EulersTransformation\:e9}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double datumstrategy.EulersTransformation.e9{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
datumstrategy/{\b EulersTransformation.java}\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
test.coordinates.fromGeographicTest Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v test.coordinates.fromGeographicTest}
{\xe \v test.coordinates.fromGeographicTest}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAASO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAASO}
Inheritance diagram for test.coordinates.fromGeographicTest:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classtest_1_1coordinates_1_1from_geographic_test.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b testFromGeographic} ()\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Testing of the method fromGeographic from the class coordinates.GausKrueger.java. }{
}\par
}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Additional Inherited Members\par
\pard\plain 
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v testFromGeographic\:test::coordinates::fromGeographicTest}
{\xe \v test::coordinates::fromGeographicTest\:testFromGeographic}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void test.coordinates.fromGeographicTest.testFromGeographic ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAASP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAASP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Testing of the method fromGeographic from the class coordinates.GausKrueger.java. }}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
test/coordinates/{\b fromGeographicTest.java}\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
coordinates.Gauss Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v coordinates.Gauss}
{\xe \v coordinates.Gauss}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABT}
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Class {\b Gauss} extends class {\b Coordinate}. }}\par
Inheritance diagram for coordinates.Gauss:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classcoordinates_1_1_gauss.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
abstract void {\b print} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
abstract {\b GeographicCoordinateInterface} {\b getAsGeographicInterface} ({\b EllipsoidParms} ell)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b getAbszisse} ()\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
getter method that returns the the abscissa of the particular {\b Gauss} coordinate }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setAbszisse} (double {\b abszisse})\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
setter method that accepts the abscissa of the particular {\b Gauss} coordinate }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b getOrdinate} ()\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
getter method that returns the the ordinate of the particular {\b Gauss} coordinate }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setOrdinate} (double {\b ordinate})\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
setter method that accepts the ordinate of the particular {\b Gauss} coordinate }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b getScale} ()\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
getter method that returns the the scale of the particular {\b Gauss} coordinate }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setScale} (double {\b scale})\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
setter method that accepts the scale of the particular {\b Gauss} coordinate }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b getHeight} ()\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
getter method that returns the the height of the particular {\b Gauss} coordinate }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setHeight} (double {\b height})\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
setter method that accepts the height of the particular {\b Gauss} coordinate }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b getEllipsoidal} ()\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
getter method that returns the the ellipsoidal of the particular {\b Gauss} coordinate }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setEllipsoidal} (int {\b ellipsoidal})\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
setter method that accepts the ellipsoidal of the particular {\b Gauss} coordinate }{
}\par
}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Static Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static double {\b meridianLength} (double latitude, {\b EllipsoidParms} ell)\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Protected Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b CalculateAbszisseOrdinate} (double cdl, double hnull, {\b LatParm} latparm)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
CalculateAbszisseOrdinate calculates the abscissa and ordinate. }{
}\par
}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Private Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b abszisse}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b ordinate}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b scale}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b height}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b ellipsoidal}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Class {\b Gauss} extends class {\b Coordinate}. \par
}

{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Author:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid unknown \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Remarks:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid updated header on 2017-11-29 by Markus Mueller \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Version:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 0.1 \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s60\li0\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i abszisse} \cell }{- x-value as double \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i ordinate} \cell }{- y-value as double \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i scale} \cell }{- scale of central median as double \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i height} \cell }{- height as double \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i ellipsoidal} \cell }{- height above ellipsoid as integer \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v CalculateAbszisseOrdinate\:coordinates::Gauss}
{\xe \v coordinates::Gauss\:CalculateAbszisseOrdinate}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void coordinates.Gauss.CalculateAbszisseOrdinate (double  {\i cdl}, double  {\i hnull}, {\b LatParm}  {\i latparm}){\f2 [protected]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
CalculateAbszisseOrdinate calculates the abscissa and ordinate. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Author:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid unknown \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Remarks:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid updated header 29.11.2017 by Markus Mueller \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i cdl} \cell }{- a double \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i hnull} \cell }{- a double \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i latparm} \cell }{- a LatParm object \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v getAbszisse\:coordinates::Gauss}
{\xe \v coordinates::Gauss\:getAbszisse}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double coordinates.Gauss.getAbszisse ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
getter method that returns the the abscissa of the particular {\b Gauss} coordinate }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid abszisse - returns the abscissa of the particular {\b Gauss} coordinate as double \par
}}}
{\xe \v getAsGeographicInterface\:coordinates::Gauss}
{\xe \v coordinates::Gauss\:getAsGeographicInterface}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
abstract {\b GeographicCoordinateInterface} coordinates.Gauss.getAsGeographicInterface ({\b EllipsoidParms}  {\i ell}){\f2 [abstract]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v getEllipsoidal\:coordinates::Gauss}
{\xe \v coordinates::Gauss\:getEllipsoidal}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int coordinates.Gauss.getEllipsoidal ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
getter method that returns the the ellipsoidal of the particular {\b Gauss} coordinate }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid ellipsoidal - returns the ellipsoidal of the particular {\b Gauss} coordinate as double \par
}}}
{\xe \v getHeight\:coordinates::Gauss}
{\xe \v coordinates::Gauss\:getHeight}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double coordinates.Gauss.getHeight ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
getter method that returns the the height of the particular {\b Gauss} coordinate }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid height - returns the height of the particular {\b Gauss} coordinate as double \par
}}}
{\xe \v getOrdinate\:coordinates::Gauss}
{\xe \v coordinates::Gauss\:getOrdinate}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double coordinates.Gauss.getOrdinate ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
getter method that returns the the ordinate of the particular {\b Gauss} coordinate }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid ordinate - returns the ordinate of the particular {\b Gauss} coordinate as double \par
}}}
{\xe \v getScale\:coordinates::Gauss}
{\xe \v coordinates::Gauss\:getScale}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double coordinates.Gauss.getScale ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
getter method that returns the the scale of the particular {\b Gauss} coordinate }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid scale - returns the ordinate of the particular {\b Gauss} coordinate as double as double \par
}}}
{\xe \v meridianLength\:coordinates::Gauss}
{\xe \v coordinates::Gauss\:meridianLength}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static double coordinates.Gauss.meridianLength (double  {\i latitude}, {\b EllipsoidParms}  {\i ell}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v print\:coordinates::Gauss}
{\xe \v coordinates::Gauss\:print}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
abstract void coordinates.Gauss.print (){\f2 [abstract]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v setAbszisse\:coordinates::Gauss}
{\xe \v coordinates::Gauss\:setAbszisse}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void coordinates.Gauss.setAbszisse (double  {\i abszisse})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
setter method that accepts the abscissa of the particular {\b Gauss} coordinate }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i abszisse} \cell }{- sets a double representing the abscissa for the particular {\b Gauss} coordinate \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v setEllipsoidal\:coordinates::Gauss}
{\xe \v coordinates::Gauss\:setEllipsoidal}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void coordinates.Gauss.setEllipsoidal (int  {\i ellipsoidal})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
setter method that accepts the ellipsoidal of the particular {\b Gauss} coordinate }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i ellipsoidal} \cell }{- sets a double representing the ellipsoidal for the particular {\b Gauss} coordinate \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v setHeight\:coordinates::Gauss}
{\xe \v coordinates::Gauss\:setHeight}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void coordinates.Gauss.setHeight (double  {\i height})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
setter method that accepts the height of the particular {\b Gauss} coordinate }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i height} \cell }{- sets a double representing the height for the particular {\b Gauss} coordinate \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v setOrdinate\:coordinates::Gauss}
{\xe \v coordinates::Gauss\:setOrdinate}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void coordinates.Gauss.setOrdinate (double  {\i ordinate})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
setter method that accepts the ordinate of the particular {\b Gauss} coordinate }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i ordinate} \cell }{- sets a double representing the ordinate for the particular {\b Gauss} coordinate \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v setScale\:coordinates::Gauss}
{\xe \v coordinates::Gauss\:setScale}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void coordinates.Gauss.setScale (double  {\i scale})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
setter method that accepts the scale of the particular {\b Gauss} coordinate }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i scale} \cell }{- sets a double representing the scale for the particular {\b Gauss} coordinate \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Data Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v abszisse\:coordinates::Gauss}
{\xe \v coordinates::Gauss\:abszisse}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double coordinates.Gauss.abszisse{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
x-value \par
}}
{\xe \v ellipsoidal\:coordinates::Gauss}
{\xe \v coordinates::Gauss\:ellipsoidal}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int coordinates.Gauss.ellipsoidal{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Height above ellipsoid:, 0 => no height, 1 => ellipsoidal, 2 => geoid \par
}}
{\xe \v height\:coordinates::Gauss}
{\xe \v coordinates::Gauss\:height}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double coordinates.Gauss.height{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Height \par
}}
{\xe \v ordinate\:coordinates::Gauss}
{\xe \v coordinates::Gauss\:ordinate}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double coordinates.Gauss.ordinate{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
y-value \par
}}
{\xe \v scale\:coordinates::Gauss}
{\xe \v coordinates::Gauss\:scale}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double coordinates.Gauss.scale{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
scale of central meridian \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
coordinates/{\b Gauss.java}\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
coordinates.GaussKrueger Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v coordinates.GaussKrueger}
{\xe \v coordinates.GaussKrueger}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACN}
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\b Coordinate} point relating to a certain Gauss-Krueger reference meridian. }}\par
Inheritance diagram for coordinates.GaussKrueger:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classcoordinates_1_1_gauss_krueger.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b GaussKrueger} ()\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
main constructor to set the coordinates and reference meridian }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b print} ()\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
prints a string representation of the Gauss-Krueger object into the console }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b GeographicCoordinateInterface} {\b getAsGeographicInterface} ({\b EllipsoidParms} ell)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
transforms the coordinates of the current {\b GaussKrueger} instance into geographic coordinates }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b fromGeographicInterface} ({\b EllipsoidParms} ell, {\b GeographicCoordinateInterface} geocoord)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
transforms geographic coordinates into {\b GaussKrueger} coordinates and stores them in the current {\b GaussKrueger} instance }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b getRechts} ()\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
getter method that returns the the northing of the particular {\b GaussKrueger} instance }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setRechts} (double {\b rechts})\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
setter method that accepts the easting of the particular {\b GaussKrueger} instance }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b getHoch} ()\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
getter method for the northing of the current {\b GaussKrueger} instance }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setHoch} (double {\b hoch})\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
setter method that accepts the northing of the particular {\b GaussKrueger} instance }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b getIlao} ()\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
getter method for the reference meridian of the current {\b GaussKrueger} instance }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setIlao} (int ilao)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
setter method for the number of the reference meridian of the current {\b GaussKrueger} instance }{
}\par
}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Private Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b rechts}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b hoch}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b centralMeridian}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Additional Inherited Members\par
\pard\plain 
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\b Coordinate} point relating to a certain Gauss-Krueger reference meridian. \par
}

{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Author:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid unknown \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Remarks:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid updated header on 2017-11-29 by Markus Mueller \par
change comment of attribute 'hoch' 2017-12-19 by Markus Hillemann \par
change attribute name ilao to centralMeridian 2017-12-19 by Markus Hillemann \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Version:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 0.1 \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s60\li0\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i rechts} \cell }{- Easting as double \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i hoch} \cell }{- Northing as double \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i centralMeridian} \cell }{- Central meridian as integer \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Constructor & Destructor Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v GaussKrueger\:coordinates::GaussKrueger}
{\xe \v coordinates::GaussKrueger\:GaussKrueger}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
coordinates.GaussKrueger.GaussKrueger ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
main constructor to set the coordinates and reference meridian }}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v fromGeographicInterface\:coordinates::GaussKrueger}
{\xe \v coordinates::GaussKrueger\:fromGeographicInterface}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void coordinates.GaussKrueger.fromGeographicInterface ({\b EllipsoidParms}  {\i ell}, {\b GeographicCoordinateInterface}  {\i geocoord})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
transforms geographic coordinates into {\b GaussKrueger} coordinates and stores them in the current {\b GaussKrueger} instance }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i ell} \cell }{- an object of type EllipsoidParams that stores information about the reference ellipsoid used for the geographic coordinates \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i geocoord} \cell }{- an object of type {\b GeographicCoordinate} that contains the geographic coordinates to be transformed in {\b GaussKrueger} coordinates \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v getAsGeographicInterface\:coordinates::GaussKrueger}
{\xe \v coordinates::GaussKrueger\:getAsGeographicInterface}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b GeographicCoordinateInterface} coordinates.GaussKrueger.getAsGeographicInterface ({\b EllipsoidParms}  {\i ell})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
transforms the coordinates of the current {\b GaussKrueger} instance into geographic coordinates }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i ell} \cell }{- an object of type EllipsoidParams that stores information about the reference ellipsoid used for the geographic coordinates \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid geographic - returns an object of type {\b GeographicCoordinate} that represents the current {\b GaussKrueger} instance transformed to geographic coordinates \par
}}}
{\xe \v getHoch\:coordinates::GaussKrueger}
{\xe \v coordinates::GaussKrueger\:getHoch}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double coordinates.GaussKrueger.getHoch ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
getter method for the northing of the current {\b GaussKrueger} instance }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid hoch - returns the northing of the current {\b GaussKrueger} instance as double \par
}}}
{\xe \v getIlao\:coordinates::GaussKrueger}
{\xe \v coordinates::GaussKrueger\:getIlao}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int coordinates.GaussKrueger.getIlao ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
getter method for the reference meridian of the current {\b GaussKrueger} instance }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid centralMeridian - returns the reference meridian of the current {\b GaussKrueger} instance as integer \par
}}}
{\xe \v getRechts\:coordinates::GaussKrueger}
{\xe \v coordinates::GaussKrueger\:getRechts}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double coordinates.GaussKrueger.getRechts ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
getter method that returns the the northing of the particular {\b GaussKrueger} instance }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid rechts - returns the northing of the particular {\b GaussKrueger} instance as double \par
}}}
{\xe \v print\:coordinates::GaussKrueger}
{\xe \v coordinates::GaussKrueger\:print}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void coordinates.GaussKrueger.print ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
prints a string representation of the Gauss-Krueger object into the console }}\par
}
{\xe \v setHoch\:coordinates::GaussKrueger}
{\xe \v coordinates::GaussKrueger\:setHoch}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void coordinates.GaussKrueger.setHoch (double  {\i hoch})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
setter method that accepts the northing of the particular {\b GaussKrueger} instance }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i hoch} \cell }{- sets a double representing the northing for the particular {\b GaussKrueger} instance \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v setIlao\:coordinates::GaussKrueger}
{\xe \v coordinates::GaussKrueger\:setIlao}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void coordinates.GaussKrueger.setIlao (int  {\i ilao})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
setter method for the number of the reference meridian of the current {\b GaussKrueger} instance }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i ilao} \cell }{- sets an integer as the number of the reference meridian of the current {\b GaussKrueger} instance \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v setRechts\:coordinates::GaussKrueger}
{\xe \v coordinates::GaussKrueger\:setRechts}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void coordinates.GaussKrueger.setRechts (double  {\i rechts})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
setter method that accepts the easting of the particular {\b GaussKrueger} instance }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i rechts} \cell }{- sets a double representing the easting for the particular {\b GaussKrueger} instance \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Data Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v centralMeridian\:coordinates::GaussKrueger}
{\xe \v coordinates::GaussKrueger\:centralMeridian}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int coordinates.GaussKrueger.centralMeridian{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
central meridian \par
}}
{\xe \v hoch\:coordinates::GaussKrueger}
{\xe \v coordinates::GaussKrueger\:hoch}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double coordinates.GaussKrueger.hoch{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
'hoch' is the official term by the german survey admistration ('northing') \par
}}
{\xe \v rechts\:coordinates::GaussKrueger}
{\xe \v coordinates::GaussKrueger\:rechts}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double coordinates.GaussKrueger.rechts{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
'rechts' is the official term by the german survey admistration ('easting') \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
coordinates/{\b GaussKrueger.java}\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
test.coordinates.GaussKruegerTest Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v test.coordinates.GaussKruegerTest}
{\xe \v test.coordinates.GaussKruegerTest}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAASQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAASQ}
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Test class with unit tests to test behavior class GaussKrueger. }}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b getAsGeographicTest} ()\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
tests method getAsGeographic from class GaussKrueger, overwritten from abstract class coordinate expected values and input values are taken from book "Rechenformeln und Rechenbeispiele zur Landesvermessung - Teil 2" from Prof.Dr.-Ing. Albert Schoedlbauer, Robert Wichmann Verlag Karlsruhe, page 88 }{
}\par
}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Static Private Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static final double {\b RHO} = 180/Math.PI\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static final double {\b DELTA} = 0.0001\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Test class with unit tests to test behavior class GaussKrueger. \par
}

{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Remarks:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid last refactored 11.12.2017 by Eva Majer \par
 {
\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
adaptions for ControlParms Singleton \par}
}}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v getAsGeographicTest\:test::coordinates::GaussKruegerTest}
{\xe \v test::coordinates::GaussKruegerTest\:getAsGeographicTest}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void test.coordinates.GaussKruegerTest.getAsGeographicTest ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAASR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAASR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
tests method getAsGeographic from class GaussKrueger, overwritten from abstract class coordinate expected values and input values are taken from book "Rechenformeln und Rechenbeispiele zur Landesvermessung - Teil 2" from Prof.Dr.-Ing. Albert Schoedlbauer, Robert Wichmann Verlag Karlsruhe, page 88 }}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Data Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v DELTA\:test::coordinates::GaussKruegerTest}
{\xe \v test::coordinates::GaussKruegerTest\:DELTA}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final double test.coordinates.GaussKruegerTest.DELTA = 0.0001{\f2 [static]}, {\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAASS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAASS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v RHO\:test::coordinates::GaussKruegerTest}
{\xe \v test::coordinates::GaussKruegerTest\:RHO}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final double test.coordinates.GaussKruegerTest.RHO = 180/Math.PI{\f2 [static]}, {\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAST}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAST}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
test/coordinates/{\b GaussKruegerTest.java}\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
coordinates.GeographicCoordinate Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v coordinates.GeographicCoordinate}
{\xe \v coordinates.GeographicCoordinate}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADB}
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
concrete implementation of abstract class {\b Coordinate}, represents a geographic coordinate (as input coordinate)\par
 }}\par
Inheritance diagram for coordinates.GeographicCoordinate:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classcoordinates_1_1_geographic_coordinate.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b GeographicCoordinate} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b GeographicCoordinate} (double {\b longitude}, double {\b latitude})\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b GeographicCoordinate} (double {\b longitude}, double {\b latitude}, double {\b height})\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b print} ()\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
prints a string representation of the particular {\b GeographicCoordinate} instance into the console }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b GeographicCoordinateInterface} {\b getAsGeographicInterface} ({\b EllipsoidParms} ellipsoidParms)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
allows the particular {\b GeographicCoordinate} instance to be converted to {\b GeographicCoordinate}. Assigns all parameters of {\b GeographicCoordinateInterface} the values of the parameters of this object. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b fromGeographicInterface} ({\b EllipsoidParms} ellipsoidParms, {\b GeographicCoordinateInterface} geoCoordInt)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
allows the the particular {\b GeographicCoordinate} instance to be converted from {\b GeographicCoordinate}. Assigns all values of the parameters of this object the parameters of this object. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
long {\b getPoint_number} ()\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
getter method that returns point number of the particular Geographic {\b Coordinate} point }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setPoint_number} (long {\b point_number})\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
setter method that accepts point number for the particular Geographic {\b Coordinate} point }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b getLongitude} ()\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
getter method that returns the geographical longitude }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setLongitude} (double {\b longitude})\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
setter method that accepts the geographical longitude }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b getLatitude} ()\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
getter method that returns the geographical latitude }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setLatitude} (double {\b latitude})\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
setter method that accepts the geographical latitude }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b getHeight} ()\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
getter method that returns the height }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setHeight} (double {\b height})\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
setter method accepts the height }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b getEllipsoidal} ()\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
getter method that returns the height above ellipsoid }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setEllipsoidal} (int {\b ellipsoidal})\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
setter method accepts the height above ellipsoid }{
}\par
}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Static Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static {\b GeographicCoordinate} {\b getInstance} (double {\b longitude}, double {\b latitude})\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
factory method that returns the singular instance of the singleton class initialized with constructor that accepts values for longitude and latitude }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static {\b GeographicCoordinate} {\b getInstance} (double {\b longitude}, double {\b latitude}, double {\b height})\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
factory method that returns the singular instance of the singleton class initialized with constructor that accepts values for longitude, latitude and height }{
}\par
}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Private Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b resetState} ()\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
factory method that returns the singular instance of the singleton class initialized with default constructor }{
}\par
}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Private Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
long {\b point_number}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b longitude}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b latitude}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b height}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b ellipsoidal}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Static Private Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static {\b GeographicCoordinate} {\b myInstance} = null\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
concrete implementation of abstract class {\b Coordinate}, represents a geographic coordinate (as input coordinate)\par
 \par
}

{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Author:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid unknown as of 2016-11 \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Remarks:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Split former class {\b GeographicCoordinate} into {\b GeographicCoordinate} (only input coordinate) and {\b GeographicCoordinateInterface} (Interface for strategy) on 2018-01-12 by Johanna Stoetzer \par
updated header on 2017-11-29 by Markus Mueller \par
renamed to {\b GeographicCoordinate} (was GeographicCoordinates) on 2016-11-26 by Patrick Huebner \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Version:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 0.1 \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s60\li0\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i point} \cell }{number - Point identification number of the {\b GeographicCoordinate} as long \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i longitude} \cell }{- Longitude of the {\b GeographicCoordinate} as double \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i latitude} \cell }{- Latitude of the {\b GeographicCoordinate} as double \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i height} \cell }{- Height of the {\b GeographicCoordinate} as double \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i ellipsoidal} \cell }{- Height above ellipsoid of the {\b GeographicCoordinate} as integer \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Constructor & Destructor Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v GeographicCoordinate\:coordinates::GeographicCoordinate}
{\xe \v coordinates::GeographicCoordinate\:GeographicCoordinate}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
coordinates.GeographicCoordinate.GeographicCoordinate ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v GeographicCoordinate\:coordinates::GeographicCoordinate}
{\xe \v coordinates::GeographicCoordinate\:GeographicCoordinate}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
coordinates.GeographicCoordinate.GeographicCoordinate (double  {\i longitude}, double  {\i latitude})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v GeographicCoordinate\:coordinates::GeographicCoordinate}
{\xe \v coordinates::GeographicCoordinate\:GeographicCoordinate}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
coordinates.GeographicCoordinate.GeographicCoordinate (double  {\i longitude}, double  {\i latitude}, double  {\i height})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v fromGeographicInterface\:coordinates::GeographicCoordinate}
{\xe \v coordinates::GeographicCoordinate\:fromGeographicInterface}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void coordinates.GeographicCoordinate.fromGeographicInterface ({\b EllipsoidParms}  {\i ellipsoidParms}, {\b GeographicCoordinateInterface}  {\i geoCoordInt})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
allows the the particular {\b GeographicCoordinate} instance to be converted from {\b GeographicCoordinate}. Assigns all values of the parameters of this object the parameters of this object. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i geoCoordInt} \cell }{- an object of type {\b GeographicCoordinate} that represents the geographic coordinate the concrete {\b Coordinate} instance should be converted from \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i ellipsoidParms} \cell }{- an object of type EllipsoidParms that contains details about the ellipsoid the {\b GeographicCoordinate} refers to \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v getAsGeographicInterface\:coordinates::GeographicCoordinate}
{\xe \v coordinates::GeographicCoordinate\:getAsGeographicInterface}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b GeographicCoordinateInterface} coordinates.GeographicCoordinate.getAsGeographicInterface ({\b EllipsoidParms}  {\i ellipsoidParms})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
allows the particular {\b GeographicCoordinate} instance to be converted to {\b GeographicCoordinate}. Assigns all parameters of {\b GeographicCoordinateInterface} the values of the parameters of this object. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i ellipsoidParms} \cell }{- an object of type EllipsoidParms that contains details about the ellipsoid the {\b GeographicCoordinate} should refer to \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v getEllipsoidal\:coordinates::GeographicCoordinate}
{\xe \v coordinates::GeographicCoordinate\:getEllipsoidal}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int coordinates.GeographicCoordinate.getEllipsoidal ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
getter method that returns the height above ellipsoid }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid ellipsoidal - returns a double value representing the height above ellipsoid \par
}}}
{\xe \v getHeight\:coordinates::GeographicCoordinate}
{\xe \v coordinates::GeographicCoordinate\:getHeight}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double coordinates.GeographicCoordinate.getHeight ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
getter method that returns the height }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid height - returns a double value representing the height \par
}}}
{\xe \v getInstance\:coordinates::GeographicCoordinate}
{\xe \v coordinates::GeographicCoordinate\:getInstance}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static {\b GeographicCoordinate} coordinates.GeographicCoordinate.getInstance (double  {\i longitude}, double  {\i latitude}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
factory method that returns the singular instance of the singleton class initialized with constructor that accepts values for longitude and latitude }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i longitude} \cell }{- double value of the geographical longitude the {\b GeographicCoordinate} instance should be initialized with \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i latitude} \cell }{- double value of the geographical latitude the {\b GeographicCoordinate} instance should be initialized with \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v getInstance\:coordinates::GeographicCoordinate}
{\xe \v coordinates::GeographicCoordinate\:getInstance}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static {\b GeographicCoordinate} coordinates.GeographicCoordinate.getInstance (double  {\i longitude}, double  {\i latitude}, double  {\i height}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
factory method that returns the singular instance of the singleton class initialized with constructor that accepts values for longitude, latitude and height }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i longitude} \cell }{- double value of the geographical longitude the {\b GeographicCoordinate} instance should be initialized with \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i latitude} \cell }{- double value of the geographical latitude the {\b GeographicCoordinate} instance should be initialized with \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i height} \cell }{- double value of the height the {\b GeographicCoordinate} instance should be initialized with \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v getLatitude\:coordinates::GeographicCoordinate}
{\xe \v coordinates::GeographicCoordinate\:getLatitude}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double coordinates.GeographicCoordinate.getLatitude ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
getter method that returns the geographical latitude }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid latitude - returns a double value representing the geographical latitude \par
}}}
{\xe \v getLongitude\:coordinates::GeographicCoordinate}
{\xe \v coordinates::GeographicCoordinate\:getLongitude}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double coordinates.GeographicCoordinate.getLongitude ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
getter method that returns the geographical longitude }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid longitude - returns a double value representing the geographical longitude \par
}}}
{\xe \v getPoint_number\:coordinates::GeographicCoordinate}
{\xe \v coordinates::GeographicCoordinate\:getPoint_number}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
long coordinates.GeographicCoordinate.getPoint_number ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
getter method that returns point number of the particular Geographic {\b Coordinate} point }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid point_number - returns the point number of the particular Geographic {\b Coordinate} point as long value \par
}}}
{\xe \v print\:coordinates::GeographicCoordinate}
{\xe \v coordinates::GeographicCoordinate\:print}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void coordinates.GeographicCoordinate.print ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
prints a string representation of the particular {\b GeographicCoordinate} instance into the console }}\par
}
{\xe \v resetState\:coordinates::GeographicCoordinate}
{\xe \v coordinates::GeographicCoordinate\:resetState}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void coordinates.GeographicCoordinate.resetState (){\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
factory method that returns the singular instance of the singleton class initialized with default constructor }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
sets all parameters of the instance to default value 0, needed because only one instance of the class can exist (singleton class) \par
}}
{\xe \v setEllipsoidal\:coordinates::GeographicCoordinate}
{\xe \v coordinates::GeographicCoordinate\:setEllipsoidal}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void coordinates.GeographicCoordinate.setEllipsoidal (int  {\i ellipsoidal})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
setter method accepts the height above ellipsoid }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i ellipsoidal} \cell }{- double value representing the height above ellipsoid \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v setHeight\:coordinates::GeographicCoordinate}
{\xe \v coordinates::GeographicCoordinate\:setHeight}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void coordinates.GeographicCoordinate.setHeight (double  {\i height})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
setter method accepts the height }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i height} \cell }{- double value representing the height \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v setLatitude\:coordinates::GeographicCoordinate}
{\xe \v coordinates::GeographicCoordinate\:setLatitude}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void coordinates.GeographicCoordinate.setLatitude (double  {\i latitude})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
setter method that accepts the geographical latitude }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i latitude} \cell }{- double value representing the geographical latitude \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v setLongitude\:coordinates::GeographicCoordinate}
{\xe \v coordinates::GeographicCoordinate\:setLongitude}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void coordinates.GeographicCoordinate.setLongitude (double  {\i longitude})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
setter method that accepts the geographical longitude }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i longitude} \cell }{- double value representing the geographical longitude \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v setPoint_number\:coordinates::GeographicCoordinate}
{\xe \v coordinates::GeographicCoordinate\:setPoint_number}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void coordinates.GeographicCoordinate.setPoint_number (long  {\i point_number})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
setter method that accepts point number for the particular Geographic {\b Coordinate} point }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i point_number} \cell }{- a long value representing the point number for the particular Geographic {\b Coordinate} point \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Data Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v ellipsoidal\:coordinates::GeographicCoordinate}
{\xe \v coordinates::GeographicCoordinate\:ellipsoidal}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int coordinates.GeographicCoordinate.ellipsoidal{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Height above ellipsoid: 0 => no height (not defined), 1 => ellipsoidal, 2 => geoid \par
}}
{\xe \v height\:coordinates::GeographicCoordinate}
{\xe \v coordinates::GeographicCoordinate\:height}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double coordinates.GeographicCoordinate.height{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v latitude\:coordinates::GeographicCoordinate}
{\xe \v coordinates::GeographicCoordinate\:latitude}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double coordinates.GeographicCoordinate.latitude{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v longitude\:coordinates::GeographicCoordinate}
{\xe \v coordinates::GeographicCoordinate\:longitude}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double coordinates.GeographicCoordinate.longitude{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v myInstance\:coordinates::GeographicCoordinate}
{\xe \v coordinates::GeographicCoordinate\:myInstance}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b GeographicCoordinate} coordinates.GeographicCoordinate.myInstance = null{\f2 [static]}, {\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v point_number\:coordinates::GeographicCoordinate}
{\xe \v coordinates::GeographicCoordinate\:point_number}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
long coordinates.GeographicCoordinate.point_number{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
coordinates/{\b GeographicCoordinate.java}\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
coordinates.GeographicCoordinateInterface Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v coordinates.GeographicCoordinateInterface}
{\xe \v coordinates.GeographicCoordinateInterface}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEB}
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
concrete implementation of abstract class {\b Coordinate}, represents a geographic coordinate (As interface for strategy)\par
 }}\par
Inheritance diagram for coordinates.GeographicCoordinateInterface:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classcoordinates_1_1_geographic_coordinate_interface.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b print} ()\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
prints a string representation of the particular {\b GeographicCoordinate} instance into the console }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b GeographicCoordinateInterface} {\b getAsGeographicInterface} ({\b EllipsoidParms} ellipsoidParms)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
allows the particular {\b GeographicCoordinate} instance to be converted to {\b GeographicCoordinate}. simply returns this reference }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b fromGeographicInterface} ({\b EllipsoidParms} ellipsoidParms, {\b GeographicCoordinateInterface} geographicCoordinate)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
allows the the particular {\b GeographicCoordinate} instance to be converted from {\b GeographicCoordinate}. simply uses copy method }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b GeographicCoordinateInterface} {\b molodenskytrafo} ({\b EllipsoidParms} ell, {\b MolodenskyParm} trafoparameter)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
calculates a Molodensky transformation }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b fupubre} (double s, {\b EllipsoidParms} ell)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
calculates pulse width (Fusspunktbreite) for a given range }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b GeographicLongitudeLatitude} (double xg, double yg, {\b EllipsoidParms} ell, double scale, double l0)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
sets longitude and latitude according to given parameters }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b copy} ({\b GeographicCoordinateInterface} geo)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
works like a copy constructor, initializes particular instance with the values of the instance passed as parameter }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
long {\b getPoint_number} ()\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
getter method that returns point number of the particular Geographic {\b Coordinate} point }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setPoint_number} (long {\b point_number})\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
setter method that accepts point number for the particular Geographic {\b Coordinate} point }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b getLongitude} ()\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
getter method that returns the geographical longitude }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setLongitude} (double {\b longitude})\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
setter method that accepts the geographical longitude }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b getLatitude} ()\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
getter method that returns the geographical latitude }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setLatitude} (double {\b latitude})\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
setter method that accepts the geographical latitude }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b getHeight} ()\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
getter method that returns the height }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setHeight} (double {\b height})\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
setter method accepts the height }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b getEllipsoidal} ()\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
getter method that returns the height above ellipsoid }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setEllipsoidal} (int {\b ellipsoidal})\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
setter method accepts the height above ellipsoid }{
}\par
}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Static Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static {\b GeographicCoordinateInterface} {\b getInstance} ()\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
factory method that returns the singular instance of the singleton class initialized with default constructor }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static {\b GeographicCoordinateInterface} {\b getInstance} (double {\b longitude}, double {\b latitude})\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
factory method that returns the singular instance of the singleton class initialized with constructor that accepts values for longitude and latitude }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static {\b GeographicCoordinateInterface} {\b getInstance} (double {\b longitude}, double {\b latitude}, double {\b height})\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
factory method that returns the singular instance of the singleton class initialized with constructor that accepts values for longitude, latitude and height }{
}\par
}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Private Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b GeographicCoordinateInterface} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b GeographicCoordinateInterface} (double {\b longitude}, double {\b latitude})\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b GeographicCoordinateInterface} (double {\b longitude}, double {\b latitude}, double {\b height})\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b resetState} ()\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
sets all parameters of the instance to default value 0, needed because only one instance of the class can exist (singleton class) }{
}\par
}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Private Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
long {\b point_number}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b longitude}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b latitude}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b height}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b ellipsoidal}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Static Private Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static {\b GeographicCoordinateInterface} {\b myInstance} = null\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
concrete implementation of abstract class {\b Coordinate}, represents a geographic coordinate (As interface for strategy)\par
 \par
}

{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Author:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid unknown as of 2016-11 \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Remarks:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid renamed to {\b GeographicCoordinateInterface}. Class is now separated into {\b GeographicCoordinate} (only input coordinate) and {\b GeographicCoordinateInterface} (Interface for strategy) on 2018-01-12 by Johanna Stoetzer \par
updated header on 2017-11-29 by Markus Mueller \par
renamed to {\b GeographicCoordinate} (was GeographicCoordinates) on 2016-11-26 by Patrick Huebner \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Version:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 0.1 \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s60\li0\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i point} \cell }{number - Point identification number of the {\b GeographicCoordinate} as long \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i longitude} \cell }{- Longitude of the {\b GeographicCoordinate} as double \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i latitude} \cell }{- Latitude of the {\b GeographicCoordinate} as double \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i height} \cell }{- Height of the {\b GeographicCoordinate} as double \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i ellipsoidal} \cell }{- Height above ellipsoid of the {\b GeographicCoordinate} as integer \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Constructor & Destructor Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v GeographicCoordinateInterface\:coordinates::GeographicCoordinateInterface}
{\xe \v coordinates::GeographicCoordinateInterface\:GeographicCoordinateInterface}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
coordinates.GeographicCoordinateInterface.GeographicCoordinateInterface (){\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v GeographicCoordinateInterface\:coordinates::GeographicCoordinateInterface}
{\xe \v coordinates::GeographicCoordinateInterface\:GeographicCoordinateInterface}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
coordinates.GeographicCoordinateInterface.GeographicCoordinateInterface (double  {\i longitude}, double  {\i latitude}){\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAED}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAED}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v GeographicCoordinateInterface\:coordinates::GeographicCoordinateInterface}
{\xe \v coordinates::GeographicCoordinateInterface\:GeographicCoordinateInterface}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
coordinates.GeographicCoordinateInterface.GeographicCoordinateInterface (double  {\i longitude}, double  {\i latitude}, double  {\i height}){\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v copy\:coordinates::GeographicCoordinateInterface}
{\xe \v coordinates::GeographicCoordinateInterface\:copy}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void coordinates.GeographicCoordinateInterface.copy ({\b GeographicCoordinateInterface}  {\i geo})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
works like a copy constructor, initializes particular instance with the values of the instance passed as parameter }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i geo} \cell }{- the {\b GeographicCoordinate} to initialize the particular instance with \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v fromGeographicInterface\:coordinates::GeographicCoordinateInterface}
{\xe \v coordinates::GeographicCoordinateInterface\:fromGeographicInterface}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void coordinates.GeographicCoordinateInterface.fromGeographicInterface ({\b EllipsoidParms}  {\i ellipsoidParms}, {\b GeographicCoordinateInterface}  {\i geographicCoordinate})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
allows the the particular {\b GeographicCoordinate} instance to be converted from {\b GeographicCoordinate}. simply uses copy method }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i geographicCoordinate} \cell }{- an object of type {\b GeographicCoordinate} that represents the geographic coordinate the concrete {\b Coordinate} instance should be converted from \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i ellipsoidParms} \cell }{- an object of type EllipsoidParms that contains details about the ellipsoid the {\b GeographicCoordinate} refers to \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v fupubre\:coordinates::GeographicCoordinateInterface}
{\xe \v coordinates::GeographicCoordinateInterface\:fupubre}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double coordinates.GeographicCoordinateInterface.fupubre (double  {\i s}, {\b EllipsoidParms}  {\i ell})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
calculates pulse width (Fusspunktbreite) for a given range }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i s} \cell }{- double value for the range \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i ell} \cell }{- an object of type EllipsoidParms that contains details about the ellipsoid the pulse width calculation refers to \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid br - returns the pulse width (Fusspunktbreite) as double value \par
}}}
{\xe \v GeographicLongitudeLatitude\:coordinates::GeographicCoordinateInterface}
{\xe \v coordinates::GeographicCoordinateInterface\:GeographicLongitudeLatitude}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void coordinates.GeographicCoordinateInterface.GeographicLongitudeLatitude (double  {\i xg}, double  {\i yg}, {\b EllipsoidParms}  {\i ell}, double  {\i scale}, double  {\i l0})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
sets longitude and latitude according to given parameters }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i xg} \cell }{- double value representing geographic decimal coordinate? \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i yg} \cell }{- double value representing geographic decimal coordinate? \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i ell} \cell }{- an object of type EllipsoidParms that contains details about the ellipsoid \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i scale} \cell }{- scale as double value \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i l0} \cell }{- ?? \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v getAsGeographicInterface\:coordinates::GeographicCoordinateInterface}
{\xe \v coordinates::GeographicCoordinateInterface\:getAsGeographicInterface}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b GeographicCoordinateInterface} coordinates.GeographicCoordinateInterface.getAsGeographicInterface ({\b EllipsoidParms}  {\i ellipsoidParms})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
allows the particular {\b GeographicCoordinate} instance to be converted to {\b GeographicCoordinate}. simply returns this reference }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i ellipsoidParms} \cell }{- an object of type EllipsoidParms that contains details about the ellipsoid the {\b GeographicCoordinate} should refer to \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v getEllipsoidal\:coordinates::GeographicCoordinateInterface}
{\xe \v coordinates::GeographicCoordinateInterface\:getEllipsoidal}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int coordinates.GeographicCoordinateInterface.getEllipsoidal ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
getter method that returns the height above ellipsoid }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid ellipsoidal - returns a double value representing the height above ellipsoid \par
}}}
{\xe \v getHeight\:coordinates::GeographicCoordinateInterface}
{\xe \v coordinates::GeographicCoordinateInterface\:getHeight}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double coordinates.GeographicCoordinateInterface.getHeight ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
getter method that returns the height }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid height - returns a double value representing the height \par
}}}
{\xe \v getInstance\:coordinates::GeographicCoordinateInterface}
{\xe \v coordinates::GeographicCoordinateInterface\:getInstance}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static {\b GeographicCoordinateInterface} coordinates.GeographicCoordinateInterface.getInstance (){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
factory method that returns the singular instance of the singleton class initialized with default constructor }}\par
}
{\xe \v getInstance\:coordinates::GeographicCoordinateInterface}
{\xe \v coordinates::GeographicCoordinateInterface\:getInstance}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static {\b GeographicCoordinateInterface} coordinates.GeographicCoordinateInterface.getInstance (double  {\i longitude}, double  {\i latitude}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
factory method that returns the singular instance of the singleton class initialized with constructor that accepts values for longitude and latitude }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i longitude} \cell }{- double value of the geographical longitude the {\b GeographicCoordinate} instance should be initialized with \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i latitude} \cell }{- double value of the geographical latitude the {\b GeographicCoordinate} instance should be initialized with \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v getInstance\:coordinates::GeographicCoordinateInterface}
{\xe \v coordinates::GeographicCoordinateInterface\:getInstance}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static {\b GeographicCoordinateInterface} coordinates.GeographicCoordinateInterface.getInstance (double  {\i longitude}, double  {\i latitude}, double  {\i height}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
factory method that returns the singular instance of the singleton class initialized with constructor that accepts values for longitude, latitude and height }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i longitude} \cell }{- double value of the geographical longitude the {\b GeographicCoordinate} instance should be initialized with \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i latitude} \cell }{- double value of the geographical latitude the {\b GeographicCoordinate} instance should be initialized with \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i height} \cell }{- double value of the height the {\b GeographicCoordinate} instance should be initialized with \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v getLatitude\:coordinates::GeographicCoordinateInterface}
{\xe \v coordinates::GeographicCoordinateInterface\:getLatitude}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double coordinates.GeographicCoordinateInterface.getLatitude ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
getter method that returns the geographical latitude }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid latitude - returns a double value representing the geographical latitude \par
}}}
{\xe \v getLongitude\:coordinates::GeographicCoordinateInterface}
{\xe \v coordinates::GeographicCoordinateInterface\:getLongitude}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double coordinates.GeographicCoordinateInterface.getLongitude ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
getter method that returns the geographical longitude }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid longitude - returns a double value representing the geographical longitude \par
}}}
{\xe \v getPoint_number\:coordinates::GeographicCoordinateInterface}
{\xe \v coordinates::GeographicCoordinateInterface\:getPoint_number}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
long coordinates.GeographicCoordinateInterface.getPoint_number ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAER}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAER}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
getter method that returns point number of the particular Geographic {\b Coordinate} point }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid point_number - returns the point number of the particular Geographic {\b Coordinate} point as long value \par
}}}
{\xe \v molodenskytrafo\:coordinates::GeographicCoordinateInterface}
{\xe \v coordinates::GeographicCoordinateInterface\:molodenskytrafo}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b GeographicCoordinateInterface} coordinates.GeographicCoordinateInterface.molodenskytrafo ({\b EllipsoidParms}  {\i ell}, {\b MolodenskyParm}  {\i trafoparameter})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAES}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAES}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
calculates a Molodensky transformation }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i ell} \cell }{- an object of type EllipsoidParms that contains details about the ellipsoid the transformation refers to \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i trafoparameter} \cell }{- an object of type MolodenskyParm that contains the parameters of the Molodenskij transformation \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid geo_p2 - returns a transformed geographic coordinate \par
}}}
{\xe \v print\:coordinates::GeographicCoordinateInterface}
{\xe \v coordinates::GeographicCoordinateInterface\:print}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void coordinates.GeographicCoordinateInterface.print ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAET}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAET}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
prints a string representation of the particular {\b GeographicCoordinate} instance into the console }}\par
}
{\xe \v resetState\:coordinates::GeographicCoordinateInterface}
{\xe \v coordinates::GeographicCoordinateInterface\:resetState}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void coordinates.GeographicCoordinateInterface.resetState (){\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
sets all parameters of the instance to default value 0, needed because only one instance of the class can exist (singleton class) }}\par
}
{\xe \v setEllipsoidal\:coordinates::GeographicCoordinateInterface}
{\xe \v coordinates::GeographicCoordinateInterface\:setEllipsoidal}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void coordinates.GeographicCoordinateInterface.setEllipsoidal (int  {\i ellipsoidal})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
setter method accepts the height above ellipsoid }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i ellipsoidal} \cell }{- double value representing the height above ellipsoid \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v setHeight\:coordinates::GeographicCoordinateInterface}
{\xe \v coordinates::GeographicCoordinateInterface\:setHeight}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void coordinates.GeographicCoordinateInterface.setHeight (double  {\i height})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
setter method accepts the height }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i height} \cell }{- double value representing the height \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v setLatitude\:coordinates::GeographicCoordinateInterface}
{\xe \v coordinates::GeographicCoordinateInterface\:setLatitude}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void coordinates.GeographicCoordinateInterface.setLatitude (double  {\i latitude})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
setter method that accepts the geographical latitude }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i latitude} \cell }{- double value representing the geographical latitude \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v setLongitude\:coordinates::GeographicCoordinateInterface}
{\xe \v coordinates::GeographicCoordinateInterface\:setLongitude}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void coordinates.GeographicCoordinateInterface.setLongitude (double  {\i longitude})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
setter method that accepts the geographical longitude }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i longitude} \cell }{- double value representing the geographical longitude \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v setPoint_number\:coordinates::GeographicCoordinateInterface}
{\xe \v coordinates::GeographicCoordinateInterface\:setPoint_number}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void coordinates.GeographicCoordinateInterface.setPoint_number (long  {\i point_number})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
setter method that accepts point number for the particular Geographic {\b Coordinate} point }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i point_number} \cell }{- a long value representing the point number for the particular Geographic {\b Coordinate} point \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Data Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v ellipsoidal\:coordinates::GeographicCoordinateInterface}
{\xe \v coordinates::GeographicCoordinateInterface\:ellipsoidal}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int coordinates.GeographicCoordinateInterface.ellipsoidal{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Height above ellipsoid: 0 => no height (not defined), 1 => ellipsoidal, 2 => geoid \par
}}
{\xe \v height\:coordinates::GeographicCoordinateInterface}
{\xe \v coordinates::GeographicCoordinateInterface\:height}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double coordinates.GeographicCoordinateInterface.height{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v latitude\:coordinates::GeographicCoordinateInterface}
{\xe \v coordinates::GeographicCoordinateInterface\:latitude}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double coordinates.GeographicCoordinateInterface.latitude{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v longitude\:coordinates::GeographicCoordinateInterface}
{\xe \v coordinates::GeographicCoordinateInterface\:longitude}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double coordinates.GeographicCoordinateInterface.longitude{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v myInstance\:coordinates::GeographicCoordinateInterface}
{\xe \v coordinates::GeographicCoordinateInterface\:myInstance}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b GeographicCoordinateInterface} coordinates.GeographicCoordinateInterface.myInstance = null{\f2 [static]}, {\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v point_number\:coordinates::GeographicCoordinateInterface}
{\xe \v coordinates::GeographicCoordinateInterface\:point_number}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
long coordinates.GeographicCoordinateInterface.point_number{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
coordinates/{\b GeographicCoordinateInterface.java}\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
test.coordinates.getCoordTest Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v test.coordinates.getCoordTest}
{\xe \v test.coordinates.getCoordTest}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAASU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAASU}
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Testing of the method getCoord from the class coordinates.CoordinateFactory.java. }}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b getCoordTest1} ()\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Testing of the method getCoord from the class coordinates.CoordinateFactory.java. \par
}

{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Author:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Eva Majer \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Remarks:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid refactored 2018-03-02 by Eva Majer \par
 {
\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
adaptions for ControlParms Singleton \par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Translation of some comments \par}
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Version:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 0.1 \par
}}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v getCoordTest1\:test::coordinates::getCoordTest}
{\xe \v test::coordinates::getCoordTest\:getCoordTest1}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void test.coordinates.getCoordTest.getCoordTest1 ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAASV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAASV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
test/coordinates/{\b getCoordTest.java}\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
params.LatParm Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v params.LatParm}
{\xe \v params.LatParm}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPV}
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Latitude Parameters. }}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b LatParm} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b Constant} ({\b EllipsoidParms} ell, double latitude)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b getRadm} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setRadm} (double {\b radm})\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b getRadn} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setRadn} (double {\b radn})\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b getRadg} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setRadg} (double {\b radg})\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b getTbr} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setTbr} (double {\b tbr})\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b getVbr} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setVbr} (double {\b vbr})\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b getEtabr} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setEtabr} (double {\b etabr})\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b getCbr} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setCbr} (double {\b cbr})\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b getVbr2} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setVbr2} (double vbr2)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b getTbr2} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setTbr2} (double tbr2)\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Private Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b radm}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b radn}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b radg}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b tbr}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b vbr}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b etabr}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b cbr}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Latitude Parameters. \par
}

{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Author:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid unknown \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Remarks:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid add header on 2018-01-06 by Yunhao Huang \par
}}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Constructor & Destructor Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v LatParm\:params::LatParm}
{\xe \v params::LatParm\:LatParm}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
params.LatParm.LatParm ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v Constant\:params::LatParm}
{\xe \v params::LatParm\:Constant}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void params.LatParm.Constant ({\b EllipsoidParms}  {\i ell}, double  {\i latitude})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v getCbr\:params::LatParm}
{\xe \v params::LatParm\:getCbr}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.LatParm.getCbr ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v getEtabr\:params::LatParm}
{\xe \v params::LatParm\:getEtabr}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.LatParm.getEtabr ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v getRadg\:params::LatParm}
{\xe \v params::LatParm\:getRadg}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.LatParm.getRadg ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v getRadm\:params::LatParm}
{\xe \v params::LatParm\:getRadm}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.LatParm.getRadm ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v getRadn\:params::LatParm}
{\xe \v params::LatParm\:getRadn}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.LatParm.getRadn ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v getTbr\:params::LatParm}
{\xe \v params::LatParm\:getTbr}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.LatParm.getTbr ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v getTbr2\:params::LatParm}
{\xe \v params::LatParm\:getTbr2}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.LatParm.getTbr2 ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v getVbr\:params::LatParm}
{\xe \v params::LatParm\:getVbr}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.LatParm.getVbr ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v getVbr2\:params::LatParm}
{\xe \v params::LatParm\:getVbr2}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.LatParm.getVbr2 ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v setCbr\:params::LatParm}
{\xe \v params::LatParm\:setCbr}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void params.LatParm.setCbr (double  {\i cbr})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v setEtabr\:params::LatParm}
{\xe \v params::LatParm\:setEtabr}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void params.LatParm.setEtabr (double  {\i etabr})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v setRadg\:params::LatParm}
{\xe \v params::LatParm\:setRadg}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void params.LatParm.setRadg (double  {\i radg})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v setRadm\:params::LatParm}
{\xe \v params::LatParm\:setRadm}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void params.LatParm.setRadm (double  {\i radm})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v setRadn\:params::LatParm}
{\xe \v params::LatParm\:setRadn}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void params.LatParm.setRadn (double  {\i radn})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v setTbr\:params::LatParm}
{\xe \v params::LatParm\:setTbr}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void params.LatParm.setTbr (double  {\i tbr})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v setTbr2\:params::LatParm}
{\xe \v params::LatParm\:setTbr2}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void params.LatParm.setTbr2 (double  {\i tbr2})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v setVbr\:params::LatParm}
{\xe \v params::LatParm\:setVbr}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void params.LatParm.setVbr (double  {\i vbr})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v setVbr2\:params::LatParm}
{\xe \v params::LatParm\:setVbr2}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void params.LatParm.setVbr2 (double  {\i vbr2})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Data Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v cbr\:params::LatParm}
{\xe \v params::LatParm\:cbr}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.LatParm.cbr{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v etabr\:params::LatParm}
{\xe \v params::LatParm\:etabr}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.LatParm.etabr{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
auxiliary value eta2 for the latitude BR \par
}}
{\xe \v radg\:params::LatParm}
{\xe \v params::LatParm\:radg}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.LatParm.radg{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
coordinates. Gaussian curvature radius G \par
}}
{\xe \v radm\:params::LatParm}
{\xe \v params::LatParm\:radm}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.LatParm.radm{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
radius of meridian curvature M \par
}}
{\xe \v radn\:params::LatParm}
{\xe \v params::LatParm\:radn}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.LatParm.radn{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
radius of transverse curvature N \par
}}
{\xe \v tbr\:params::LatParm}
{\xe \v params::LatParm\:tbr}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.LatParm.tbr{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Tangent of latitude \par
}}
{\xe \v vbr\:params::LatParm}
{\xe \v params::LatParm\:vbr}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.LatParm.vbr{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
auxiliary value V for the latitude BR \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
params/{\b LatParm.java}\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
test.params.LatParmTest Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v test.params.LatParmTest}
{\xe \v test.params.LatParmTest}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAATD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAATD}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b test} ()\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v test\:test::params::LatParmTest}
{\xe \v test::params::LatParmTest\:test}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void test.params.LatParmTest.test ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAATE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAATE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
}{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Test based on parameters of GRS 80 \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Author:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid N. Roesch \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Date:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 18.01.2017\par
}}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
test/params/{\b LatParmTest.java}\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
datumstrategy.MockStrategy Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v datumstrategy.MockStrategy}
{\xe \v datumstrategy.MockStrategy}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIB}
Inheritance diagram for datumstrategy.MockStrategy:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classdatumstrategy_1_1_mock_strategy.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Protected Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b transform} ({\b GeographicCoordinateInterface} geographicCoordinate)\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Additional Inherited Members\par
\pard\plain 
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v transform\:datumstrategy::MockStrategy}
{\xe \v datumstrategy::MockStrategy\:transform}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void datumstrategy.MockStrategy.transform ({\b GeographicCoordinateInterface}  {\i geographicCoordinate}){\f2 [protected]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
datumstrategy/{\b MockStrategy.java}\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
datumstrategy.MolodenskiiTransformationStandard Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v datumstrategy.MolodenskiiTransformationStandard}
{\xe \v datumstrategy.MolodenskiiTransformationStandard}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAID}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAID}
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Algorithmic realization of the molodensky transformation. }}\par
Inheritance diagram for datumstrategy.MolodenskiiTransformationStandard:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classdatumstrategy_1_1_molodenskii_transformation_standard.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b transform} ({\b GeographicCoordinateInterface} geo)\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Static Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static {\b MolodenskiiTransformationStandard} {\b getInstance} ()\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Private Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b MolodenskiiTransformationStandard} ()\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Static Private Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static {\b MolodenskiiTransformationStandard} {\b myInstance} = null\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Additional Inherited Members\par
\pard\plain 
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Algorithmic realization of the molodensky transformation. \par
}

{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Author:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid unknown \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Remarks:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid last refactored 11.12.2017 by Eva Majer \par
 {
\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
adaptions for ControlParms Singleton \par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Translation of some comments \par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
removed declaration of dl hd db which appeared 3 times \par}
changed the class name (CamelCase) on 20.12.17 by Markus Hillemann \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Version:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 0.1 \par
}}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Constructor & Destructor Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v MolodenskiiTransformationStandard\:datumstrategy::MolodenskiiTransformationStandard}
{\xe \v datumstrategy::MolodenskiiTransformationStandard\:MolodenskiiTransformationStandard}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
datumstrategy.MolodenskiiTransformationStandard.MolodenskiiTransformationStandard (){\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v getInstance\:datumstrategy::MolodenskiiTransformationStandard}
{\xe \v datumstrategy::MolodenskiiTransformationStandard\:getInstance}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static {\b MolodenskiiTransformationStandard} datumstrategy.MolodenskiiTransformationStandard.getInstance (){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v transform\:datumstrategy::MolodenskiiTransformationStandard}
{\xe \v datumstrategy::MolodenskiiTransformationStandard\:transform}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void datumstrategy.MolodenskiiTransformationStandard.transform ({\b GeographicCoordinateInterface}  {\i geo})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Data Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v myInstance\:datumstrategy::MolodenskiiTransformationStandard}
{\xe \v datumstrategy::MolodenskiiTransformationStandard\:myInstance}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b MolodenskiiTransformationStandard} datumstrategy.MolodenskiiTransformationStandard.myInstance = null{\f2 [static]}, {\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
datumstrategy/{\b MolodenskiiTransformationStandard.java}\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
params.MolodenskyParm Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v params.MolodenskyParm}
{\xe \v params.MolodenskyParm}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQX}
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Molodensky Parameters. }}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b MolodenskyParm} ()\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\b Transformation} parameter from WGS84 to the geodesic datumstrategy. European Datum 1950 (ED50) for West Germany. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b getTransx} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setTransx} (double {\b transx})\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b getTransy} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setTransy} (double transy)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b getTransz} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setTransz} (double transz)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b getDa} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setDa} (double {\b da})\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b getDf} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setDf} (double df)\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Private Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b transx}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b da}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Molodensky Parameters. \par
}

{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Author:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid unknown \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Remarks:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid add header on 2018-02-02 by Yunhao Huang \par
}}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Constructor & Destructor Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v MolodenskyParm\:params::MolodenskyParm}
{\xe \v params::MolodenskyParm\:MolodenskyParm}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
params.MolodenskyParm.MolodenskyParm ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\b Transformation} parameter from WGS84 to the geodesic datumstrategy. European Datum 1950 (ED50) for West Germany. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Author:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Nima Mazroob \par
}}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v getDa\:params::MolodenskyParm}
{\xe \v params::MolodenskyParm\:getDa}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.MolodenskyParm.getDa ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v getDf\:params::MolodenskyParm}
{\xe \v params::MolodenskyParm\:getDf}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.MolodenskyParm.getDf ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v getTransx\:params::MolodenskyParm}
{\xe \v params::MolodenskyParm\:getTransx}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.MolodenskyParm.getTransx ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v getTransy\:params::MolodenskyParm}
{\xe \v params::MolodenskyParm\:getTransy}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.MolodenskyParm.getTransy ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v getTransz\:params::MolodenskyParm}
{\xe \v params::MolodenskyParm\:getTransz}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.MolodenskyParm.getTransz ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v setDa\:params::MolodenskyParm}
{\xe \v params::MolodenskyParm\:setDa}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void params.MolodenskyParm.setDa (double  {\i da})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v setDf\:params::MolodenskyParm}
{\xe \v params::MolodenskyParm\:setDf}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void params.MolodenskyParm.setDf (double  {\i df})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v setTransx\:params::MolodenskyParm}
{\xe \v params::MolodenskyParm\:setTransx}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void params.MolodenskyParm.setTransx (double  {\i transx})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v setTransy\:params::MolodenskyParm}
{\xe \v params::MolodenskyParm\:setTransy}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void params.MolodenskyParm.setTransy (double  {\i transy})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v setTransz\:params::MolodenskyParm}
{\xe \v params::MolodenskyParm\:setTransz}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void params.MolodenskyParm.setTransz (double  {\i transz})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Data Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v da\:params::MolodenskyParm}
{\xe \v params::MolodenskyParm\:da}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.MolodenskyParm.da{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v transx\:params::MolodenskyParm}
{\xe \v params::MolodenskyParm\:transx}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.MolodenskyParm.transx{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
params/{\b MolodenskyParm.java}\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
coordinates.Soldner Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v coordinates.Soldner}
{\xe \v coordinates.Soldner}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFG}
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Class {\b Soldner} extends class {\b Coordinate}. }}\par
Inheritance diagram for coordinates.Soldner:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classcoordinates_1_1_soldner.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b Soldner} (double {\b l0}, double {\b b0}, double {\b abszisse}, double {\b ordinate}, double {\b height}, int {\b ellipsoidal})\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b Soldner} (double {\b l0}, double {\b b0})\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b Soldner} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b print} ()\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
prints {\b Soldner} coordinates with reference longitude, -latitude, abscissa, ordinate and height }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b GeographicCoordinateInterface} {\b getAsGeographicInterface} ({\b EllipsoidParms} ell)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
getAsGeographic returns a {\b GeographicCoordinate} }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b fromGeographicInterface} ({\b EllipsoidParms} ell, {\b GeographicCoordinateInterface} geocoord)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
fromGeographic calculates {\b Soldner} coordinate from geographic coordinate }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b getL0} ()\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
getter method that returns the reference latitude of the particular {\b Soldner} coordinate }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setL0} (double {\b l0})\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
setter method that accepts the reference latitude of the particular {\b Soldner} coordinate }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b getB0} ()\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
getter method that returns the reference longitude of the particular {\b Soldner} coordinate }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setB0} (double {\b b0})\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
setter method that accepts the reference longitude of the particular {\b Soldner} coordinate }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b getAbszisse} ()\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
getter method that returns the abscissa of the particular {\b Soldner} coordinate }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setAbszisse} (double {\b abszisse})\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
setter method that accepts the abscissa of the particular {\b Soldner} coordinate }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b getOrdinate} ()\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
getter method that returns the ordinate of the particular {\b Soldner} coordinate }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setOrdinate} (double {\b ordinate})\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
setter method that accepts the ordinate of the particular {\b Soldner} coordinate }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b getHeight} ()\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
getter method that returns the height of the particular {\b Soldner} coordinate }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setHeight} (double {\b height})\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
setter method that accepts the height of the particular {\b Soldner} coordinate }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b getEllipsoidal} ()\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
getter method that returns the ellipsoidal of the particular {\b Soldner} coordinate }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setEllipsoidal} (int {\b ellipsoidal})\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
setter method that accepts the height above ellipsoid of the particular {\b Soldner} coordinate }{
}\par
}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Private Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b l0}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b b0}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b abszisse}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b ordinate}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b height}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b ellipsoidal}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Class {\b Soldner} extends class {\b Coordinate}. \par
}

{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Author:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid unknown \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Remarks:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid updated header on 2017-11-29 by Markus Mueller \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Version:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 0.1 \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s60\li0\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i l0} \cell }{- reference longitude as double \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i b0} \cell }{- reference latitude as double \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i abszisse} \cell }{- x-value as double \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i ordinate} \cell }{- y-value as double \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i height} \cell }{- height as double \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i ellipsoidal} \cell }{- height above ellipsoid as integer \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Constructor & Destructor Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v Soldner\:coordinates::Soldner}
{\xe \v coordinates::Soldner\:Soldner}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
coordinates.Soldner.Soldner (double  {\i l0}, double  {\i b0}, double  {\i abszisse}, double  {\i ordinate}, double  {\i height}, int  {\i ellipsoidal})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v Soldner\:coordinates::Soldner}
{\xe \v coordinates::Soldner\:Soldner}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
coordinates.Soldner.Soldner (double  {\i l0}, double  {\i b0})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v Soldner\:coordinates::Soldner}
{\xe \v coordinates::Soldner\:Soldner}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
coordinates.Soldner.Soldner ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v fromGeographicInterface\:coordinates::Soldner}
{\xe \v coordinates::Soldner\:fromGeographicInterface}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void coordinates.Soldner.fromGeographicInterface ({\b EllipsoidParms}  {\i ell}, {\b GeographicCoordinateInterface}  {\i geocoord})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
fromGeographic calculates {\b Soldner} coordinate from geographic coordinate }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i ell} \cell }{- the ellipsoidal parameters as an instance of EllipsoidParms \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i geocoord} \cell }{- a geographic coordinate as an instance of {\b GeographicCoordinate} \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v getAbszisse\:coordinates::Soldner}
{\xe \v coordinates::Soldner\:getAbszisse}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double coordinates.Soldner.getAbszisse ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
getter method that returns the abscissa of the particular {\b Soldner} coordinate }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid abszisse - returns the abscissa of the particular {\b Soldner} coordinate as double \par
}}}
{\xe \v getAsGeographicInterface\:coordinates::Soldner}
{\xe \v coordinates::Soldner\:getAsGeographicInterface}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b GeographicCoordinateInterface} coordinates.Soldner.getAsGeographicInterface ({\b EllipsoidParms}  {\i ell})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
getAsGeographic returns a {\b GeographicCoordinate} }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i ell} \cell }{- the ellipsoidal parameters as an instance of EllipsoidParms \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid geo - output: returns {\b GeographicCoordinate} \par
}}}
{\xe \v getB0\:coordinates::Soldner}
{\xe \v coordinates::Soldner\:getB0}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double coordinates.Soldner.getB0 ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
getter method that returns the reference longitude of the particular {\b Soldner} coordinate }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid b0 - returns the reference longitude of the particular {\b Soldner} coordinate as double \par
}}}
{\xe \v getEllipsoidal\:coordinates::Soldner}
{\xe \v coordinates::Soldner\:getEllipsoidal}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int coordinates.Soldner.getEllipsoidal ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
getter method that returns the ellipsoidal of the particular {\b Soldner} coordinate }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid ellipsoidal - returns the ellipsoidal of the particular {\b Soldner} coordinate as integer \par
}}}
{\xe \v getHeight\:coordinates::Soldner}
{\xe \v coordinates::Soldner\:getHeight}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double coordinates.Soldner.getHeight ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
getter method that returns the height of the particular {\b Soldner} coordinate }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid height - returns the height of the particular {\b Soldner} coordinate as double \par
}}}
{\xe \v getL0\:coordinates::Soldner}
{\xe \v coordinates::Soldner\:getL0}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double coordinates.Soldner.getL0 ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
getter method that returns the reference latitude of the particular {\b Soldner} coordinate }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid l0 - returns the reference latitude of the particular {\b Soldner} coordinate as double \par
}}}
{\xe \v getOrdinate\:coordinates::Soldner}
{\xe \v coordinates::Soldner\:getOrdinate}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double coordinates.Soldner.getOrdinate ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
getter method that returns the ordinate of the particular {\b Soldner} coordinate }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid ordinate - returns the ordinate of the particular {\b Soldner} coordinate as double \par
}}}
{\xe \v print\:coordinates::Soldner}
{\xe \v coordinates::Soldner\:print}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void coordinates.Soldner.print ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
prints {\b Soldner} coordinates with reference longitude, -latitude, abscissa, ordinate and height }}\par
}
{\xe \v setAbszisse\:coordinates::Soldner}
{\xe \v coordinates::Soldner\:setAbszisse}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void coordinates.Soldner.setAbszisse (double  {\i abszisse})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
setter method that accepts the abscissa of the particular {\b Soldner} coordinate }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i abszisse} \cell }{- sets a double representing the abscissa of the particular {\b Soldner} coordinate \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v setB0\:coordinates::Soldner}
{\xe \v coordinates::Soldner\:setB0}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void coordinates.Soldner.setB0 (double  {\i b0})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
setter method that accepts the reference longitude of the particular {\b Soldner} coordinate }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i b0} \cell }{- sets a double representing the reference longitude of the particular {\b Soldner} coordinate \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v setEllipsoidal\:coordinates::Soldner}
{\xe \v coordinates::Soldner\:setEllipsoidal}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void coordinates.Soldner.setEllipsoidal (int  {\i ellipsoidal})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
setter method that accepts the height above ellipsoid of the particular {\b Soldner} coordinate }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i ellipsoidal} \cell }{- sets a integer representing the height above ellipsoid of the particular {\b Soldner} coordinate \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v setHeight\:coordinates::Soldner}
{\xe \v coordinates::Soldner\:setHeight}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void coordinates.Soldner.setHeight (double  {\i height})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
setter method that accepts the height of the particular {\b Soldner} coordinate }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i height} \cell }{- sets a double representing the height of the particular {\b Soldner} coordinate \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v setL0\:coordinates::Soldner}
{\xe \v coordinates::Soldner\:setL0}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void coordinates.Soldner.setL0 (double  {\i l0})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
setter method that accepts the reference latitude of the particular {\b Soldner} coordinate }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i l0} \cell }{- sets a double representing the reference latitude of the particular {\b Soldner} coordinate \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v setOrdinate\:coordinates::Soldner}
{\xe \v coordinates::Soldner\:setOrdinate}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void coordinates.Soldner.setOrdinate (double  {\i ordinate})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
setter method that accepts the ordinate of the particular {\b Soldner} coordinate }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i ordinate} \cell }{- sets a double representing the ordinate of the particular {\b Soldner} coordinate \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Data Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v abszisse\:coordinates::Soldner}
{\xe \v coordinates::Soldner\:abszisse}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double coordinates.Soldner.abszisse{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
x-value \par
}}
{\xe \v b0\:coordinates::Soldner}
{\xe \v coordinates::Soldner\:b0}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double coordinates.Soldner.b0{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
reference latitude \par
}}
{\xe \v ellipsoidal\:coordinates::Soldner}
{\xe \v coordinates::Soldner\:ellipsoidal}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int coordinates.Soldner.ellipsoidal{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Height above ellipsoid: 0 => no height (not defined), 1 => ellispsoidal, 2 => geoid \par
}}
{\xe \v height\:coordinates::Soldner}
{\xe \v coordinates::Soldner\:height}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double coordinates.Soldner.height{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Height \par
}}
{\xe \v l0\:coordinates::Soldner}
{\xe \v coordinates::Soldner\:l0}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double coordinates.Soldner.l0{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
reference longitude \par
}}
{\xe \v ordinate\:coordinates::Soldner}
{\xe \v coordinates::Soldner\:ordinate}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double coordinates.Soldner.ordinate{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
y-value \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
coordinates/{\b Soldner.java}\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
datumstrategy.SpatialSimilarityTransformationInfin Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v datumstrategy.SpatialSimilarityTransformationInfin}
{\xe \v datumstrategy.SpatialSimilarityTransformationInfin}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAII}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAII}
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Algorithmic realization of the 3D similarity transformation also known as 7-parameter transformation. }}\par
Inheritance diagram for datumstrategy.SpatialSimilarityTransformationInfin:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classdatumstrategy_1_1_spatial_similarity_transformation_infin.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b transform} ({\b GeographicCoordinateInterface} geo)\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Additional Inherited Members\par
\pard\plain 
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Algorithmic realization of the 3D similarity transformation also known as 7-parameter transformation. \par
}

{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
The method takes all needed parameters from the class ControlParms that extends the class EllipsoidParms. Needed parameter for the 7-Param-Transformation: 3 translation-, 1 scale- and 3 rotation -parameters. The start coordinates are taken from the class GeographicCoordinate and have to be converted into cartesian coordinates to realize the transformation. The 7-Param-Transformation is done with cartesian coordinates. After the {\b Transformation}, the new cartesian coordinates are converted into ellipsoidal coordinates by an iterative process.\par
source of conversions: Geodaetische Flaechenkoordinaten, Uebung2, kart2geo.pdf, 20.11.2014 source of 7-Param-Transformation: {\f2 https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/Helmert-Transformation} \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Author:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Andreas Eppler \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Remarks:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid adaptions for ControlParms Singleton on 11.12.2017 by Eva Majer \par
use the methods of class XYZCoordinate to convert between ellipsoidal and cartesian coordinates on 19.12.17 by Markus Hillemann \par
changed the class name (CamelCase) on 20.12.17 by Markus Hillemann \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Version:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 0.1 \par
}}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v transform\:datumstrategy::SpatialSimilarityTransformationInfin}
{\xe \v datumstrategy::SpatialSimilarityTransformationInfin\:transform}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void datumstrategy.SpatialSimilarityTransformationInfin.transform ({\b GeographicCoordinateInterface}  {\i geo})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
datumstrategy/{\b SpatialSimilarityTransformationInfin.java}\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
params.SpatialSimilarityTransformParm Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v params.SpatialSimilarityTransformParm}
{\xe \v params.SpatialSimilarityTransformParm}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARL}
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Spatial similarity transform parameters. }}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b SpatialSimilarityTransformParm} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b getTransx} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setTransx} (double {\b transx})\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b getTransy} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setTransy} (double transy)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b getTransz} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setTransz} (double transz)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b getAlpha} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setAlpha} (double {\b alpha})\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b getBeta} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setBeta} (double beta)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b getGamma} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setGamma} (double gamma)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b getScale} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setScale} (double {\b scale})\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b getFormula} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setFormula} (int {\b formula})\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Private Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b transx}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b alpha}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b scale}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b formula}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Spatial similarity transform parameters. \par
}

{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Author:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid unknown \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Remarks:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid add header on 2018-02-02 by Yunhao Huang \par
}}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Constructor & Destructor Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v SpatialSimilarityTransformParm\:params::SpatialSimilarityTransformParm}
{\xe \v params::SpatialSimilarityTransformParm\:SpatialSimilarityTransformParm}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
params.SpatialSimilarityTransformParm.SpatialSimilarityTransformParm ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v getAlpha\:params::SpatialSimilarityTransformParm}
{\xe \v params::SpatialSimilarityTransformParm\:getAlpha}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.SpatialSimilarityTransformParm.getAlpha ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v getBeta\:params::SpatialSimilarityTransformParm}
{\xe \v params::SpatialSimilarityTransformParm\:getBeta}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.SpatialSimilarityTransformParm.getBeta ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v getFormula\:params::SpatialSimilarityTransformParm}
{\xe \v params::SpatialSimilarityTransformParm\:getFormula}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int params.SpatialSimilarityTransformParm.getFormula ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v getGamma\:params::SpatialSimilarityTransformParm}
{\xe \v params::SpatialSimilarityTransformParm\:getGamma}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.SpatialSimilarityTransformParm.getGamma ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v getScale\:params::SpatialSimilarityTransformParm}
{\xe \v params::SpatialSimilarityTransformParm\:getScale}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.SpatialSimilarityTransformParm.getScale ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v getTransx\:params::SpatialSimilarityTransformParm}
{\xe \v params::SpatialSimilarityTransformParm\:getTransx}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.SpatialSimilarityTransformParm.getTransx ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v getTransy\:params::SpatialSimilarityTransformParm}
{\xe \v params::SpatialSimilarityTransformParm\:getTransy}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.SpatialSimilarityTransformParm.getTransy ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAART}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAART}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v getTransz\:params::SpatialSimilarityTransformParm}
{\xe \v params::SpatialSimilarityTransformParm\:getTransz}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.SpatialSimilarityTransformParm.getTransz ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v setAlpha\:params::SpatialSimilarityTransformParm}
{\xe \v params::SpatialSimilarityTransformParm\:setAlpha}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void params.SpatialSimilarityTransformParm.setAlpha (double  {\i alpha})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v setBeta\:params::SpatialSimilarityTransformParm}
{\xe \v params::SpatialSimilarityTransformParm\:setBeta}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void params.SpatialSimilarityTransformParm.setBeta (double  {\i beta})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v setFormula\:params::SpatialSimilarityTransformParm}
{\xe \v params::SpatialSimilarityTransformParm\:setFormula}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void params.SpatialSimilarityTransformParm.setFormula (int  {\i formula})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v setGamma\:params::SpatialSimilarityTransformParm}
{\xe \v params::SpatialSimilarityTransformParm\:setGamma}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void params.SpatialSimilarityTransformParm.setGamma (double  {\i gamma})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v setScale\:params::SpatialSimilarityTransformParm}
{\xe \v params::SpatialSimilarityTransformParm\:setScale}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void params.SpatialSimilarityTransformParm.setScale (double  {\i scale})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v setTransx\:params::SpatialSimilarityTransformParm}
{\xe \v params::SpatialSimilarityTransformParm\:setTransx}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void params.SpatialSimilarityTransformParm.setTransx (double  {\i transx})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAASA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAASA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v setTransy\:params::SpatialSimilarityTransformParm}
{\xe \v params::SpatialSimilarityTransformParm\:setTransy}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void params.SpatialSimilarityTransformParm.setTransy (double  {\i transy})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAASB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAASB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v setTransz\:params::SpatialSimilarityTransformParm}
{\xe \v params::SpatialSimilarityTransformParm\:setTransz}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void params.SpatialSimilarityTransformParm.setTransz (double  {\i transz})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAASC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAASC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Data Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v alpha\:params::SpatialSimilarityTransformParm}
{\xe \v params::SpatialSimilarityTransformParm\:alpha}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.SpatialSimilarityTransformParm.alpha{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAASD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAASD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v formula\:params::SpatialSimilarityTransformParm}
{\xe \v params::SpatialSimilarityTransformParm\:formula}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int params.SpatialSimilarityTransformParm.formula{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAASE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAASE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v scale\:params::SpatialSimilarityTransformParm}
{\xe \v params::SpatialSimilarityTransformParm\:scale}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.SpatialSimilarityTransformParm.scale{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAASF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAASF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v transx\:params::SpatialSimilarityTransformParm}
{\xe \v params::SpatialSimilarityTransformParm\:transx}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double params.SpatialSimilarityTransformParm.transx{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAASG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAASG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
params/{\b SpatialSimilarityTransformParm.java}\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
datumstrategy.StrategyFactory Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v datumstrategy.StrategyFactory}
{\xe \v datumstrategy.StrategyFactory}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIK}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Static Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static {\b TransformationStrategy} {\b getStrategy} ()\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Remarks:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid last refactored 11.12.2017 by Eva Majer \par
 {
\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
adaptions for ControlParms Singleton \par}
}}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v getStrategy\:datumstrategy::StrategyFactory}
{\xe \v datumstrategy::StrategyFactory\:getStrategy}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static {\b TransformationStrategy} datumstrategy.StrategyFactory.getStrategy (){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
datumstrategy/{\b StrategyFactory.java}\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Transformation Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v Transformation}
{\xe \v Transformation}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABG}
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Main Transformatin class. }}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Static Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static void {\b main} (String[] args)\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Main Transformatin class. \par
}

{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Author:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Norbert Roesch \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Version:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 0.1 \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Date:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid November 2016 \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Warning:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid For educational purposes only \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Copyright:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid No licence restrictions yet \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Remarks:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid last refactored 26.11.2016 by Patrick Huebner \par
 {
\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
adapted to design changes (TransformationStrategy no accepts arbitrary Coordinate instances instead of GeographicCoordinates) \par}
last refactored 11.12.2017 by Eva Majer \par
 {
\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
adaptions for ControlParms Singleton \par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Translation of some comments \par}
last refactored 21.01.2018 by Yucheng \par
 {
\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
merge the class 'Coordinate' into parent class 'Coordinate'  \par}
}}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v main\:Transformation}
{\xe \v Transformation\:main}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static void Transformation.main (String []  {\i args}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b Transformation.java}\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
datumstrategy.TransformationStrategy Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v datumstrategy.TransformationStrategy}
{\xe \v datumstrategy.TransformationStrategy}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIM}
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
abstract class that encapsulates transformation algorithms for different coordinates\par
 the concrete transformation algorithms that are implemented by the child classes of {\b TransformationStrategy} implement the abstract method {\b transform(GeographicCoordinateInterface)} that performs the transformation with geographic coordinates as input/output }}\par
Inheritance diagram for datumstrategy.TransformationStrategy:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classdatumstrategy_1_1_transformation_strategy.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b transform} ({\b Coordinate} fromCoordinate, {\b Coordinate} toCoordinate)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
transformation method that transforms the Coordinate fromCoordinate according to algorithm of concrete implementation of {\b TransformationStrategy} and specifications in controlParms and saves result to Coordinate toCoordinate\par
 uses abstract method {\b transform(GeographicCoordinateInterface)} to perform the transformation }{
}\par
}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Protected Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
abstract void {\b transform} ({\b GeographicCoordinateInterface} geographicCoordinate)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
abstract method for the transformation of a geographic coordinate }{
}\par
}}
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
abstract class that encapsulates transformation algorithms for different coordinates\par
 the concrete transformation algorithms that are implemented by the child classes of {\b TransformationStrategy} implement the abstract method {\b transform(GeographicCoordinateInterface)} that performs the transformation with geographic coordinates as input/output \par
}

{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Remarks:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid last refactored 26.11.2016 by Patrick Huebner \par
 {
\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
changed from interface to abstract class \par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
renamed to {\b TransformationStrategy} \par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
renamed method datum to {\b transform(Coordinate, Coordinate)} and made it protected \par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
added abstract method {\b transform(GeographicCoordinateInterface)} \par}
last refactored 11.12.2017 by Eva Majer \par
 {
\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
adaptions for ControlParms Singleton \par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Translation of some comments \par}
}}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v transform\:datumstrategy::TransformationStrategy}
{\xe \v datumstrategy::TransformationStrategy\:transform}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void datumstrategy.TransformationStrategy.transform ({\b Coordinate}  {\i fromCoordinate}, {\b Coordinate}  {\i toCoordinate})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
transformation method that transforms the Coordinate fromCoordinate according to algorithm of concrete implementation of {\b TransformationStrategy} and specifications in controlParms and saves result to Coordinate toCoordinate\par
 uses abstract method {\b transform(GeographicCoordinateInterface)} to perform the transformation }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i fromCoordinate} \cell }{- an object of abstract type Coordinate that represents the coordinate to be transformed\cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i toCoordinate} \cell }{- an object of abstract type Coordinate that represents the coordinate in which the results should be stored \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v transform\:datumstrategy::TransformationStrategy}
{\xe \v datumstrategy::TransformationStrategy\:transform}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
abstract void datumstrategy.TransformationStrategy.transform ({\b GeographicCoordinateInterface}  {\i geographicCoordinate}){\f2 [abstract]}, {\f2 [protected]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
abstract method for the transformation of a geographic coordinate }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i geographicCoordinate} \cell }{- an object of type GeographicCoordinateInterface which is used for input/output for the transformation algorithm \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
datumstrategy/{\b TransformationStrategy.java}\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
coordinates.UTM Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v coordinates.UTM}
{\xe \v coordinates.UTM}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGF}
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Class {\b UTM} extends class {\b Gauss}. }}\par
Inheritance diagram for coordinates.UTM:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classcoordinates_1_1_u_t_m.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b UTM} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b init} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b print} ()\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
prints {\b UTM} coordinates }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b GeographicCoordinateInterface} {\b getAsGeographicInterface} ({\b EllipsoidParms} ell)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
getAsGeographic returns a {\b GeographicCoordinate} object }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b fromGeographicInterface} ({\b EllipsoidParms} ell, {\b GeographicCoordinateInterface} geocoord)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
fromGeographic calculates {\b UTM} coordinate from geographic coordinate }{
}\par
}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Private Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b east}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b north}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b zone}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
boolean {\b northhem}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Additional Inherited Members\par
\pard\plain 
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Class {\b UTM} extends class {\b Gauss}. \par
}

{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Author:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid unknown \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Remarks:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid updated header on 2017-11-29 by Markus Mueller \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Version:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 0.1 \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s60\li0\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i east} \cell }{- easting as double \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i north} \cell }{- Northing as double \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i zone} \cell }{- UTM-Zone as integer \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i northhem} \cell }{- hemisphere (0: North or 1:South) as boolean \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Constructor & Destructor Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v UTM\:coordinates::UTM}
{\xe \v coordinates::UTM\:UTM}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
coordinates.UTM.UTM ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v fromGeographicInterface\:coordinates::UTM}
{\xe \v coordinates::UTM\:fromGeographicInterface}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void coordinates.UTM.fromGeographicInterface ({\b EllipsoidParms}  {\i ell}, {\b GeographicCoordinateInterface}  {\i geocoord})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
fromGeographic calculates {\b UTM} coordinate from geographic coordinate }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i ell} \cell }{- the ellipsoidal parameters as an instance of EllipsoidParms \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i geocoord} \cell }{- a geographic coordinate as an instance of {\b GeographicCoordinate} \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v getAsGeographicInterface\:coordinates::UTM}
{\xe \v coordinates::UTM\:getAsGeographicInterface}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b GeographicCoordinateInterface} coordinates.UTM.getAsGeographicInterface ({\b EllipsoidParms}  {\i ell})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
getAsGeographic returns a {\b GeographicCoordinate} object }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i ell} \cell }{- ellipsoidal parameters \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid geo - output: {\b GeographicCoordinate} \par
}}}
{\xe \v init\:coordinates::UTM}
{\xe \v coordinates::UTM\:init}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void coordinates.UTM.init ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v print\:coordinates::UTM}
{\xe \v coordinates::UTM\:print}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void coordinates.UTM.print ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
prints {\b UTM} coordinates }}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Data Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v east\:coordinates::UTM}
{\xe \v coordinates::UTM\:east}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double coordinates.UTM.east{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Easting \par
}}
{\xe \v north\:coordinates::UTM}
{\xe \v coordinates::UTM\:north}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double coordinates.UTM.north{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Northing \par
}}
{\xe \v northhem\:coordinates::UTM}
{\xe \v coordinates::UTM\:northhem}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
boolean coordinates.UTM.northhem{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Hemisphere: 0 => North, 1 => South \par
}}
{\xe \v zone\:coordinates::UTM}
{\xe \v coordinates::UTM\:zone}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int coordinates.UTM.zone{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\b coordinates.UTM}-Zone \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
coordinates/{\b UTM.java}\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
test.coordinates.UTMasGeographic Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v test.coordinates.UTMasGeographic}
{\xe \v test.coordinates.UTMasGeographic}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAASW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAASW}
Inheritance diagram for test.coordinates.UTMasGeographic:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classtest_1_1coordinates_1_1_u_t_mas_geographic.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b testGetAsGeographic} ()\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Additional Inherited Members\par
\pard\plain 
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v testGetAsGeographic\:test::coordinates::UTMasGeographic}
{\xe \v test::coordinates::UTMasGeographic\:testGetAsGeographic}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void test.coordinates.UTMasGeographic.testGetAsGeographic ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAASX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAASX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
test/coordinates/{\b UTMasGeographic.java}\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
test.coordinates.UTMTest Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v test.coordinates.UTMTest}
{\xe \v test.coordinates.UTMTest}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAASY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAASY}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b fromGeographicTest} ()\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
tests method fromGeographic from class UTM, overwritten from abstract class coordinate expected values and input values are taken from book "Rechenformeln und Rechenbeispiele zur Landesvermessung - Teil 2" from Prof.Dr.-Ing. Albert Schoedlbauer, Robert Wichmann Verlag Karlsruhe, page 51 }{
}\par
}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Static Private Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static final double {\b RHO} = 180/Math.PI\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static final double {\b DELTA} = 0.0001\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v fromGeographicTest\:test::coordinates::UTMTest}
{\xe \v test::coordinates::UTMTest\:fromGeographicTest}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void test.coordinates.UTMTest.fromGeographicTest ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAASZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAASZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
tests method fromGeographic from class UTM, overwritten from abstract class coordinate expected values and input values are taken from book "Rechenformeln und Rechenbeispiele zur Landesvermessung - Teil 2" from Prof.Dr.-Ing. Albert Schoedlbauer, Robert Wichmann Verlag Karlsruhe, page 51 }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
CURRENTLY FAILS! \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Data Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v DELTA\:test::coordinates::UTMTest}
{\xe \v test::coordinates::UTMTest\:DELTA}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final double test.coordinates.UTMTest.DELTA = 0.0001{\f2 [static]}, {\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAATA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAATA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v RHO\:test::coordinates::UTMTest}
{\xe \v test::coordinates::UTMTest\:RHO}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final double test.coordinates.UTMTest.RHO = 180/Math.PI{\f2 [static]}, {\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAATB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAATB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
test/coordinates/{\b UTMTest.java}\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
coordinates.XYZCoordinate Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v coordinates.XYZCoordinate}
{\xe \v coordinates.XYZCoordinate}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGP}
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Class {\b XYZCoordinate}. }}\par
Inheritance diagram for coordinates.XYZCoordinate:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classcoordinates_1_1_x_y_z_coordinate.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b XYZCoordinate} ()\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
main constructor to set the coordinates }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b init} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b XYZCoordinate} (double xValue, double yValue, double zValue)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Constructor for generating a geocentricCoordinate. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b XYZCoordinate} (double xValue, double yValue)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b GeographicCoordinateInterface} {\b getAsGeographicInterface} ({\b EllipsoidParms} ell)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Function for transforming geocentric coordinates to geographic coordinates. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b fromGeographicInterface} ({\b EllipsoidParms} ell, {\b GeographicCoordinateInterface} geocoord)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Function for transforming geographic coordinates to geocentric coordinates. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b print} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b getX} ()\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
getter method that returns the x-coordinate of the particular {\b XYZCoordinate} }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setX} (double {\b x})\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
setter method that accepts x-coordinate for the particular {\b XYZCoordinate} }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b getY} ()\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
getter method that returns the y-coordinate of the particular {\b XYZCoordinate} }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setY} (double y)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
setter method that accepts y-coordinate for the particular {\b XYZCoordinate} }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b getZ} ()\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
getter method that returns the z-coordinate of the particular {\b XYZCoordinate} }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setZ} (double z)\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
setter method that accepts z-coordinate for the particular {\b XYZCoordinate} }{
}\par
}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Private Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\b x}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Class {\b XYZCoordinate}. \par
}

{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Author:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid David Li \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Remarks:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 2016-12-04 removed unused comments and variables by David Li \par
2016-12-04 added new method calculateRotationMatrix(SpatialSimilarityTransformParm) by David Li \par
2018-01-29 added constructor with ControlParms by Markus Mueller \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Version:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 0.1 \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s60\li0\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i x} \cell }{- x-coordinate as double \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i y} \cell }{- y-coordinate as double \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i z} \cell }{- z-coordinate as double \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Constructor & Destructor Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v XYZCoordinate\:coordinates::XYZCoordinate}
{\xe \v coordinates::XYZCoordinate\:XYZCoordinate}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
coordinates.XYZCoordinate.XYZCoordinate ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
main constructor to set the coordinates }}\par
}
{\xe \v XYZCoordinate\:coordinates::XYZCoordinate}
{\xe \v coordinates::XYZCoordinate\:XYZCoordinate}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
coordinates.XYZCoordinate.XYZCoordinate (double  {\i xValue}, double  {\i yValue}, double  {\i zValue})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Constructor for generating a geocentricCoordinate. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Remarks:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid parameters changed to x-, y- and zAxis (were too inexpressive x1, x2 and x3) by unknown \par
2018-01-25 renamed parameters to xValue, yValue, zValue (were xAxis, yAxis, zAxis before) by Markus M\'C3\'BCller \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i xValue} \cell }{- x component of XYZ coordinate \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i yValue} \cell }{- y component of XYZ coordinate \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i zValue} \cell }{- z component of XYZ coordinate \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v XYZCoordinate\:coordinates::XYZCoordinate}
{\xe \v coordinates::XYZCoordinate\:XYZCoordinate}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
coordinates.XYZCoordinate.XYZCoordinate (double  {\i xValue}, double  {\i yValue})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v fromGeographicInterface\:coordinates::XYZCoordinate}
{\xe \v coordinates::XYZCoordinate\:fromGeographicInterface}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void coordinates.XYZCoordinate.fromGeographicInterface ({\b EllipsoidParms}  {\i ell}, {\b GeographicCoordinateInterface}  {\i geocoord})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Function for transforming geographic coordinates to geocentric coordinates. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Author:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Michael Loos, 1998-06-06 as of a FORTRAN-Subroutine from Hansjoerg Kutterer, 1993-08-12 \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Remarks:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid formal changes in Summer 2000 by Daniel Mueller \par
Java-Version in February 2003 by Norbert Roesch Algorithm as of G. Schmitt, M. Illner and R. Jaeger, "Transformationsprobleme", pp. 125-142 in Mitteilungen des DVW Landesvereins BaWue, Sonderheft "GPS und Integration
von GPS in bestehende geodaetische Netze", 1991. \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i ell} \cell }{- an object of type EllipsoidParms that represents ellipsoidal parameters \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i geocoord} \cell }{- an object of type {\b GeographicCoordinate} that represents the geographic coordinate to transform \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v getAsGeographicInterface\:coordinates::XYZCoordinate}
{\xe \v coordinates::XYZCoordinate\:getAsGeographicInterface}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\b GeographicCoordinateInterface} coordinates.XYZCoordinate.getAsGeographicInterface ({\b EllipsoidParms}  {\i ell})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Function for transforming geocentric coordinates to geographic coordinates. }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Implemented by Michael Loos on 16.06.1998, based on a FORTRAN-Subroutine from 12.08.1993 by Hansjoerg Kutterer \par
=> Needs the function 'Constant' from {\b LatParm.java}! \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Author:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Michael Loos \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Remarks:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid renamed the variable bralt to altitude by David Li 2016-12-04 \par
renamed the variable eps to maxLonLatDistance by David Li 2016-12-04 \par
formal changes in summer 2000 by Daniel Mueller \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i ell} \cell }{- an object of type EllipsoidParms \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid geo - returns geographic coordinate consisting of the double values latitude, longitude and ellipsoidal height \par
}}}
{\xe \v getX\:coordinates::XYZCoordinate}
{\xe \v coordinates::XYZCoordinate\:getX}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double coordinates.XYZCoordinate.getX ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
getter method that returns the x-coordinate of the particular {\b XYZCoordinate} }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid x - returns the x-coordinate value of the particular {\b Coordinate} point as double \par
}}}
{\xe \v getY\:coordinates::XYZCoordinate}
{\xe \v coordinates::XYZCoordinate\:getY}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double coordinates.XYZCoordinate.getY ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
getter method that returns the y-coordinate of the particular {\b XYZCoordinate} }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid y - returns the y-coordinate value of the particular {\b Coordinate} point as double \par
}}}
{\xe \v getZ\:coordinates::XYZCoordinate}
{\xe \v coordinates::XYZCoordinate\:getZ}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double coordinates.XYZCoordinate.getZ ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
getter method that returns the z-coordinate of the particular {\b XYZCoordinate} }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid z - returns the z-coordinate value of the particular {\b Coordinate} point as double \par
}}}
{\xe \v init\:coordinates::XYZCoordinate}
{\xe \v coordinates::XYZCoordinate\:init}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void coordinates.XYZCoordinate.init ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v print\:coordinates::XYZCoordinate}
{\xe \v coordinates::XYZCoordinate\:print}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void coordinates.XYZCoordinate.print ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v setX\:coordinates::XYZCoordinate}
{\xe \v coordinates::XYZCoordinate\:setX}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void coordinates.XYZCoordinate.setX (double  {\i x})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
setter method that accepts x-coordinate for the particular {\b XYZCoordinate} }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i x} \cell }{- sets a double representing the x-coordinate value for the particular {\b XYZCoordinate} \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v setY\:coordinates::XYZCoordinate}
{\xe \v coordinates::XYZCoordinate\:setY}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void coordinates.XYZCoordinate.setY (double  {\i y})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
setter method that accepts y-coordinate for the particular {\b XYZCoordinate} }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i y} \cell }{- sets a double representing the y-coordinate value for the particular {\b XYZCoordinate} \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v setZ\:coordinates::XYZCoordinate}
{\xe \v coordinates::XYZCoordinate\:setZ}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void coordinates.XYZCoordinate.setZ (double  {\i z})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
setter method that accepts z-coordinate for the particular {\b XYZCoordinate} }}\par
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i z} \cell }{- sets a double representing the z-coordinate value for the particular {\b XYZCoordinate} \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Data Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v x\:coordinates::XYZCoordinate}
{\xe \v coordinates::XYZCoordinate\:x}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double coordinates.XYZCoordinate.x{\f2 [private]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
coordinates/{\b XYZCoordinate.java}\par
}
\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
File Documentation{\tc \v File Documentation}
\par \pard\plain 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md}
{\xe \v CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAA}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
coordinates/Coordinate.java File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v coordinates/Coordinate.java}
{\xe \v coordinates/Coordinate.java}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAB}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Classes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\b coordinates.Coordinate}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Abstract class that represents a coordinate. Enables any concrete {\b Coordinate} class be used as input for TransformationStrategy which relies on geographic coordinates as input/output. }}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Packages\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
package {\b coordinates}\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
coordinates/CoordinateFactory.java File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v coordinates/CoordinateFactory.java}
{\xe \v coordinates/CoordinateFactory.java}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAC}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Classes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\b coordinates.CoordinateFactory}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\b Coordinate} factory for plane coordinates and geographic coordinates. }}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Packages\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
package {\b coordinates}\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
coordinates/Gauss.java File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v coordinates/Gauss.java}
{\xe \v coordinates/Gauss.java}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAD}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Classes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\b coordinates.Gauss}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Class {\b Gauss} extends class {\b Coordinate}. }}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Packages\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
package {\b coordinates}\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
coordinates/GaussKrueger.java File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v coordinates/GaussKrueger.java}
{\xe \v coordinates/GaussKrueger.java}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAE}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Classes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\b coordinates.GaussKrueger}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\b Coordinate} point relating to a certain Gauss-Krueger reference meridian. }}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Packages\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
package {\b coordinates}\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
coordinates/GeographicCoordinate.java File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v coordinates/GeographicCoordinate.java}
{\xe \v coordinates/GeographicCoordinate.java}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAF}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Classes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\b coordinates.GeographicCoordinate}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
concrete implementation of abstract class {\b Coordinate}, represents a geographic coordinate (as input coordinate)\par
 }}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Packages\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
package {\b coordinates}\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
coordinates/GeographicCoordinateInterface.java File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v coordinates/GeographicCoordinateInterface.java}
{\xe \v coordinates/GeographicCoordinateInterface.java}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAG}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Classes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\b coordinates.GeographicCoordinateInterface}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
concrete implementation of abstract class {\b Coordinate}, represents a geographic coordinate (As interface for strategy)\par
 }}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Packages\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
package {\b coordinates}\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
coordinates/Soldner.java File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v coordinates/Soldner.java}
{\xe \v coordinates/Soldner.java}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAH}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Classes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\b coordinates.Soldner}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Class {\b Soldner} extends class {\b Coordinate}. }}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Packages\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
package {\b coordinates}\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
coordinates/UTM.java File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v coordinates/UTM.java}
{\xe \v coordinates/UTM.java}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAI}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Classes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\b coordinates.UTM}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Class {\b UTM} extends class {\b Gauss}. }}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Packages\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
package {\b coordinates}\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
coordinates/XYZCoordinate.java File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v coordinates/XYZCoordinate.java}
{\xe \v coordinates/XYZCoordinate.java}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAJ}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Classes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\b coordinates.XYZCoordinate}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Class {\b XYZCoordinate}. }}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Packages\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
package {\b coordinates}\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
datumstrategy/CardansTransformation.java File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v datumstrategy/CardansTransformation.java}
{\xe \v datumstrategy/CardansTransformation.java}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAK}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Classes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\b datumstrategy.CardansTransformation}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Algorithmic realization of Translation and the Cardan's Rotation. }}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Packages\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
package {\b datumstrategy}\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
datumstrategy/EulersTransformation.java File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v datumstrategy/EulersTransformation.java}
{\xe \v datumstrategy/EulersTransformation.java}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAL}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Classes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\b datumstrategy.EulersTransformation}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Algorithmic realization of the Euler's transformation. }}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Packages\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
package {\b datumstrategy}\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
datumstrategy/MockStrategy.java File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v datumstrategy/MockStrategy.java}
{\xe \v datumstrategy/MockStrategy.java}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAM}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Classes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\b datumstrategy.MockStrategy}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Packages\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
package {\b datumstrategy}\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
datumstrategy/MolodenskiiTransformationStandard.java File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v datumstrategy/MolodenskiiTransformationStandard.java}
{\xe \v datumstrategy/MolodenskiiTransformationStandard.java}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAN}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Classes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\b datumstrategy.MolodenskiiTransformationStandard}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Algorithmic realization of the molodensky transformation. }}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Packages\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
package {\b datumstrategy}\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
datumstrategy/SpatialSimilarityTransformationInfin.java File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v datumstrategy/SpatialSimilarityTransformationInfin.java}
{\xe \v datumstrategy/SpatialSimilarityTransformationInfin.java}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAO}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Classes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\b datumstrategy.SpatialSimilarityTransformationInfin}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Algorithmic realization of the 3D similarity transformation also known as 7-parameter transformation. }}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Packages\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
package {\b datumstrategy}\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
datumstrategy/StrategyFactory.java File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v datumstrategy/StrategyFactory.java}
{\xe \v datumstrategy/StrategyFactory.java}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAP}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Classes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\b datumstrategy.StrategyFactory}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Packages\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
package {\b datumstrategy}\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
datumstrategy/TransformationStrategy.java File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v datumstrategy/TransformationStrategy.java}
{\xe \v datumstrategy/TransformationStrategy.java}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAQ}
\par
{
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
contains abstract class TransformationStrategy }}\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Classes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\b datumstrategy.TransformationStrategy}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
abstract class that encapsulates transformation algorithms for different coordinates\par
 the concrete transformation algorithms that are implemented by the child classes of {\b TransformationStrategy} implement the abstract method {\b transform(GeographicCoordinateInterface)} that performs the transformation with geographic coordinates as input/output }}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Packages\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
package {\b datumstrategy}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
contains abstract class TransformationStrategy \par
}{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Author:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid unknown as of 11.2016 \par
}}}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
LICENSE.md File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v LICENSE.md}
{\xe \v LICENSE.md}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAR}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
params/ControlParms.java File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v params/ControlParms.java}
{\xe \v params/ControlParms.java}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAS}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Classes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\b params.ControlParms}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Class {\b ControlParms} extends class {\b EllipsoidParms}. }}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Packages\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
package {\b params}\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
params/EllipsoidParms.java File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v params/EllipsoidParms.java}
{\xe \v params/EllipsoidParms.java}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAT}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Classes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\b params.EllipsoidParms}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Ellipsoid parameters. }}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Packages\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
package {\b params}\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
params/LatParm.java File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v params/LatParm.java}
{\xe \v params/LatParm.java}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAU}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Classes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\b params.LatParm}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Latitude Parameters. }}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Packages\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
package {\b params}\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
params/MolodenskyParm.java File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v params/MolodenskyParm.java}
{\xe \v params/MolodenskyParm.java}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAV}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Classes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\b params.MolodenskyParm}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Molodensky Parameters. }}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Packages\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
package {\b params}\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
params/SpatialSimilarityTransformParm.java File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v params/SpatialSimilarityTransformParm.java}
{\xe \v params/SpatialSimilarityTransformParm.java}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAW}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Classes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\b params.SpatialSimilarityTransformParm}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Spatial similarity transform parameters. }}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Packages\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
package {\b params}\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
README.md File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v README.md}
{\xe \v README.md}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAX}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
test/coordinates/CoordinateFactoryTest.java File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v test/coordinates/CoordinateFactoryTest.java}
{\xe \v test/coordinates/CoordinateFactoryTest.java}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAY}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Classes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\b test.coordinates.CoordinateFactoryTest}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Packages\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
package {\b test.coordinates}\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
test/coordinates/fromGeographicTest.java File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v test/coordinates/fromGeographicTest.java}
{\xe \v test/coordinates/fromGeographicTest.java}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAZ}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Classes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\b test.coordinates.fromGeographicTest}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Packages\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
package {\b test.coordinates}\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
test/coordinates/GaussKruegerTest.java File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v test/coordinates/GaussKruegerTest.java}
{\xe \v test/coordinates/GaussKruegerTest.java}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABA}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Classes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\b test.coordinates.GaussKruegerTest}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Test class with unit tests to test behavior class GaussKrueger. }}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Packages\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
package {\b test.coordinates}\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
test/coordinates/getCoordTest.java File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v test/coordinates/getCoordTest.java}
{\xe \v test/coordinates/getCoordTest.java}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABB}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Classes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\b test.coordinates.getCoordTest}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Testing of the method getCoord from the class coordinates.CoordinateFactory.java. }}}
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Packages\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
package {\b test.coordinates}\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
test/coordinates/UTMasGeographic.java File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v test/coordinates/UTMasGeographic.java}
{\xe \v test/coordinates/UTMasGeographic.java}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABC}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Classes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\b test.coordinates.UTMasGeographic}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Packages\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
package {\b test.coordinates}\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
test/coordinates/UTMTest.java File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v test/coordinates/UTMTest.java}
{\xe \v test/coordinates/UTMTest.java}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABD}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Classes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\b test.coordinates.UTMTest}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Packages\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
package {\b test.coordinates}\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
test/params/LatParmTest.java File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v test/params/LatParmTest.java}
{\xe \v test/params/LatParmTest.java}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABE}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Classes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\b test.params.LatParmTest}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Packages\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
package {\b test.params}\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Transformation.java File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v Transformation.java}
{\xe \v Transformation.java}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABF}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Classes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\b Transformation}\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Main Transformatin class. }}}
}

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid Index\par 
\pard\plain 
{\tc \v Index}
{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst INDEX \\c2 \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt INDEX}}
}